Evaluation of Immunogenicity and Safety of COVID-19 Vaccine (Produced in Beijing) in Patients With Hypertension and/or Diabetes A Post-marketing Clinical Study of the Inactivated SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine (Vero Cells) (Produced in Beijing): Immunogenicity and Safety Assessments in Patients With Hypertension and/or Diabetes To evaluate the post-marketing immunogenicity and safety of the inactivated severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) vaccine (Vero cells) in patients aged 60 years or older with hypertension and/or diabetes, thus to further collect the immunogenicity and safety data of this product in special populations. After giving informed consent, patients with hypertension, patients with diabetes, patients with both diseases, and healthy controls, all aged 60 years or older, were given two doses of the inactivated SARS-CoV-2 vaccine (Vero cells). Venous blood samples were collected before the first dose and on day 28 after the second dose to evaluate the immunogenicity of the vaccine. Adverse events were actively recorded on a diary card once daily from day 0 to day 7 and once from day 8 to day 21 after the first dose and the second dose. Within 3 months after immunization with the second dose and collection of diary cards, the subjects were followed up by phone once a month as well as self-report to collect serious adverse events. Inclusion Criteria: * ≥60 years old individuals with full civil capacity. * Clinically confirmed body temperature of \<37.3°C before enrolling in this study. * Able and willing to participate in the study plan during the entire study and follow-up period. * Capable of understanding the study procedures, willing to sign the informed consent form, and able to comply with the requirements of the clinical study protocol. * Inclusion criteria for patients with hypertension and/or diabetes: Hypertension and/or diabetes definitively diagnosed by a community-level or higher medical institution. Patients with hypertension: systolic pressure \<160 mmHg and diastolic pressure \<100 mmHg on the day of immunization achieved by lifestyle adjustment and/or drug treatment; patients with diabetes: fasting glucose ≤13.9 mmol/L on the day of (or within 3 days before) immunization achieved by lifestyle adjustment and/or drug treatment. Exclusion Criteria: * Previously confirmed or asymptomatic COVID-19 patient. * Has been immunized with a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine. * Illiterate. * Known allergy to any ingredient (including excipient) of this product. * Received non-specific immunoglobulin injection within 1 month before enrollment. * Received a live attenuated vaccine within 1 month before immunization or other vaccine within 14 days before immunization. * Previous serious allergy to vaccine (e.g., acute allergic reaction, urticaria, angioedema, and dyspnea). * Has uncontrolled epilepsy and other progressive neurological disorders; history of Guillain-Barré syndrome. * Severe respiratory disorders, severe hepatic and renal diseases, malignancies, and various acute diseases or acute onset of chronic diseases. * Diagnosed with congenital or acquired immunodeficiency, HIV infection, lymphoma, leukemia, or other autoimmune diseases. * Definitively diagnosed with thrombocytopenia or history of other coagulation disorders that may cause subcutaneous injection to be contraindicated. * Currently experiencing acute complications (ketoacidosis, hyperosmolar state, lactic acidosis, etc.) of diabetes; or within 2 weeks after recovery from these complications. * Other physical conditions judged by the investigator that render the patient unsuitable for participation in the clinical study.
Optimizing Management of Low Back Pain Through the Pain and Disability Drivers Management Model Optimizing Management of Low Back Pain Through the Pain and Disability Drivers Management Model: Study Protocol for a Feasibility Trial This study aims to determine the feasibility of conducting a future randomized controlled trial to collect preliminary data on the effectiveness of a previously validated approach that takes into account all the pain and disability vectors associated with low back pain - the Pain and Disability Drivers Management Model (PDDM). The overall objective is to provide data to assess the feasibility of implementing a future randomized clinical trial to evaluate the impact of the PDDM on the management of non-specific LBP in a clinical setting and to explore the short-term effect of using the model on patient's clinical outcomes. Background: Non-specific mechanical low back pain (LBP) is highly prevalent, recurrent and is a leading cause of disability worldwide. Despite increased efforts in improving care, the self-reported levels of disability in individuals with LBP have not improved in the last decade. In order to more effectively manage LBP through non-pharmacological approaches, evidence endorses the use of classification systems to support diagnosis and guide treatments. However, this approach to care is not without limitations and a more comprehensive and broader perspective is needed. Hence, we recently proposed and validated the Low Back Pain and Disability Drivers Management (PDDM) model, which aims to identify the domains influencing pain and disability to create a profile or phenotype to guide clinical decisions. The objective of this study is to assess the feasibility of conducting a trial and to gather preliminary effect outcomes of the intervention in clinical setting. Methods: The design is a prospective single arm experimental design. Physiotherapists (PTs) working with a population suffering from musculoskeletal disorders and patients presenting with non-specific mechanical LBP from two different clinical settings will be recruited. The intervention consists of a one-day training workshop for PTs on using the PDDM to guide management decisions. PTs will then perform a 6-weeks follow-up with their participating patients. This feasibility study will assess recruitment and retention rates as well as PTs' acceptability and patients' satisfaction outcomes related to the intervention. Preliminary effect outcomes will also be gathered. Discussion: This study will inform the feasibility and acceptability of the intervention and gather preliminary outcomes to conduct a future randomized controlled trial to measure the effectiveness of the intervention in managing non-specific mechanical LBP. Inclusion Criteria: Clinicians: * be working with a population suffering from musculoskeletal disorders such as LBP and have a valid license to practice physiotherapy in the province of Quebec * agree to participate to the one-day training workshop (intervention) * assess and initiate treatment of their patients presenting with non-specific LBP guided by our newly developed model
Evaluation of Effectiveness for Connected Network for EMS Comprehensive Technical-support Using Artificial Intelligence (CONNECT-AI) System by Community Intervention Evaluation of Effectiveness for Connected Network for EMS Comprehensive Technical-support Using Artificial Intelligence (CONNECT-AI) System by Community Intervention: A Prospective Crossover Interventional Study This study aims to verify the effectiveness of the connected network for EMS comprehensive technical-support using artificial intelligence (CONNECT-AI) system through demonstration in the local community. The study was designed as a prospective non-random cross-intervention study design in two preselected communities. The subjects of the study are patients transferred to the local emergency department(ED) through an ambulance of a fire department in the selected community. If the storage and transmission of information collected by an ambulance fails or the information of the transferred patient cannot be verified in the transferred ED, it is excluded from the study. In this study, the developed CONNECT-AI system was installed in all emergency vehicles and EDs in two regional cohorts, and the effectiveness was measured by operating an intersection for the same period. The primary outcome is the transfer time spent in the pre-hospital stage, and the secondary outcome is whether the optimal transfer hospital is selected. Inclusion Criteria: * patients transferred to the local emergency department(ED) through an ambulance of a fire department in the selected community. Exclusion Criteria: * If the storage and transmission of information collected by an ambulance fails or the information of the transferred patient cannot be verified in the transferred ED
A Study of MK0217A and Dietary Supplement in Men and Postmenopausal Women With Osteoporosis (0217A-227) A 15-Week, Double-Blind, Randomized, Active-Controlled, Multi-Center Study With 24-Week Extension to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Efficacy of Alendronate 70 mg Plus Vitamin D3 2800 IU Combination Tablet in Men and Postmenopausal Women With Osteoporosis The purpose of this study is to test the safety, tolerability, and effectiveness of an investigational drug and dietary supplement to reduce the risk of vitamin D insufficiency and deficiency during treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women. Inclusion Criteria: * Men or postmenopausal women who are osteoporotic Exclusion Criteria: * Vitamin D deficiency * Other disease of bone or mineral metabolism * Digestive disease causing malabsorption * Other medical conditions that are not adequately treated
Klinik - Intelligent Patient Flow Management Validation of Intelligent Patient Flow Management System in Kuopio University Hospital Emergency Department Digital health technologies (DHT) are increasingly developed to support healthcare systems around the world. However, they are frequently lacking evidence-based medicine and medical validation. There is considerable need in the western countries to allocate healthcare resources accurately and give the population detailed and reliable health information enabling to take greater responsibility for their health. Intelligent patient flow management system (IPFM, product name Klinik Frontline) is developed to meet these needs. In practice, IPFM is used for decision support in the triaging and diagnostic processes as well as automatizing the management of inflow of the patients. The core of the IPFM is a clinical artificial intelligence (AI), which utilizes a comprehensive medical database of clinical correlations generated by medical doctors. The study population of this research consists of patients from the Emergency Department of Kuopio University Hospital (KUH). Data will be gathered during 2 weeks of piloting, after which the results will be analysed. Anticipated number of patients to the study is minimum of 246 patients, with objective to be several hundreds. When attending to the hospital, patients will report their demographics, background information and symptoms using structured IPFM online form. Patients entering the unit in an ambulance or with need of immediate care of healthcare professionals due to severe and acute conditions are referred similar to normal process to ensure the patient safety. Results obtained from IPFM are blinded from the healthcare professional and IPFM does not affect professional's clinical decision making in any way. The data obtained from IPFM online form and clinical data from the emergency department and KUH will be analysed after the data collection. The main aim of the research is to validate the use of IPFM by evaluating the association of IPFM output with 1) urgency and severity of the conditions (using Emergency Severity Index \[ESI\], an international triaging protocol for emergency units, and an assessment by triage nurse); and 2) actual diagnoses diagnosed by medical doctors. The main hypotheses of the research are that 1) IPFM is safe and sensitive in evaluating the urgency of the conditions of arriving patients at the emergency department and that 2) IPFM has sufficient correlation of differential diagnosis with actual diagnosis made by medical doctor. 1. Background Continuous development of digital technology provides new opportunities also in healthcare area. As healthcare costs are constantly growing both worldwide and in Finland (1), innovations are needed to enhance allocation of limited healthcare resources and to reduce economic burden. Digital health technologies (DHT) have the potential to reduce these costs. They are increasingly developed to support healthcare systems around the world. DHT are, however, often lacking evidence-based medicine (2) and both the importance and the lack of their validation has been acknowledged widely (3, 4). Work in triage and urgent care centers is highly demanding, with considerable time pressure. When operating with high patient volumes, acute conditions and severe stress, human errors are likely to result at least at some extent. Physicians have been found to have a \~5 % diagnostic error rate (5) with half of these potentially harmful (6). DHT have been suggested to have a significant role helping both patient management and triage (7), and thus, reducing also potential human errors. For instance, crude online clinical decision support tool has been found to reliably demonstrate emergency triage severity in experimental setting (7). The validation of DHT and decision support tools is highly crucial. Tools with false negative rates could have serious consequences when ignoring severe conditions such as cardiac ischaemia (4). DHT should be thorough and optimal in the medical field and their internal and external validity should have been evaluated. Recently, guidelines for evaluating DHT have been published (4). According to guidelines, the first step in the assessment is to show the results in an early observational study in clinical setting. In addition to safety, also efficacy and effectiveness of DHT should be evaluated. To meet these needs, Intelligent Patient Flow Management system (IPFM) has been developed to help the user (i.e. patient) and the healthcare professionals to evaluate user's condition and its severity. IPFM enables semi-automated triaging of patients and enhances the management of patient inflow and demand. In addition, IPFM provides written and precise information for the healthcare professionals communicated by the patients themselves of their conditions and symptoms. The core of IPFM is a broad medical database generated by medical doctors, combined with artificial intelligence (AI) and feedback loops for accuracy improvement. In other words, IPFM is an AI-induced triage and decision support tool developed and monitored by medical doctors to help healthcare professionals to evaluate the urgency of the patients. It evaluates user's condition and infers the urgency using user demographics, background information and symptoms. The IPFM is developed by a healthcare technology company Klinik Healthcare Solutions Oy and it has already been implemented in over 400 primary care and dental facilities in the Nordics and was recently launched in the United Kingdom and Portugal. It has been previously shown to reduce the costs in primary care by 14 % in overall total service costs of the patients by streamlining the patient flow (8). IPFM is currently classified and registered as a CE class 1 medical device, which requires continuous scientific validation research and systematic development and quality management processes. The system is used according to its intended use in this study and therefore the study does not require permission or registration for FIMEA's clinical device study register. Klinik's IPFM (product names Klinik Access, Klinik Frontline) provides a full-stack solution, with interface for patient input, backend for database and algorithm calculations and interface for handling of case outputs for triaging and combined statistics for healthcare staff. IPFM uses medically golden standard Bayesian methodology for inferring the effect of clinical features on the probabilities of the conditions. The severity and the urgency of the condition is inferred using specific severity symptoms and by setting a threshold for the probabilities of relevant conditions. All inflow of data is dynamically gathered and analysed ensemble and visualised, which can be used by (management) staff to monitor and optimally meet demand ad hoc. 2. Aims and objectives The main aim of this study is to validate the use of IPFM in a hospital setting by evaluating the association of IPFM output with 1) clinical urgency and severity of the conditions (using Emergency Severity Index \[ESI\], an international triaging protocol for emergency units, and an assessment by triage nurse); and 2) actual diagnoses made by the hospital doctors. The objective is also to assess the correlation of IPFM output with redirection or referral to various specialties (e.g. internist or surgeon). Main hypotheses are: * IPFM is safe (\< 1 % emergency cases missed) and accurate (\> 80 % agreement with triaging nurse) in evaluating the urgency of the conditions of arriving patients at the emergency department * IPFM has sufficient correlation (\> 60 % overlap) of differential diagnosis with actual diagnosis diagnosed by medical doctor Validating IPFM, an AI-induced triage support and decision support tool, in real-life environment and in hospital setting is essential for its use in hospitals and clinical work in the future to support evidence-based medicine. An accurate and efficient tool will decrease delays of treatment of urgent conditions and has the potential to decrease human errors that are inevitable in environment with high patient volumes, acute conditions and severe stress. When in full implementation, it can also help to optimize emergency department resources and to target them more accurately. In addition, this study provides important information on patient history and symptoms provided by patients themselves when entering emergency department compared to clinical data. 3. Materials and methods The study population consists of patients entering the emergency department of Kuopio University Hospital (KUH) during a 2-week research period. The calculated needed sample size is a minimum of 246 patients (confidence level 95%, margin of error 5%, study population proportion 80%). The data consists of registry data from the electronic health records, other quantitative data (such as extracts from KUH emergency department reporting software) and qualitative data acquired through observation. Both qualitative and statistical methods will be applied to the data to infer outcomes. Case-specific information in the IPFM (demographics, background information, symptoms) provided by the patient will be analyzed with clinical data (Emergency Severity Class index (ESI), triage category, diagnoses) collected from the electronic patient records of the hospital (emergency and other possible departments) and IPFM professional dashboard, and the safety, specificity and sensitivity of IPFM output are analyzed. The urgency of the condition is evaluated by IPFM and the analyses with clinical data and validation will be performed after the data collection. They urgency is evaluated by IPFM as: 1. suitable for self-care if no prescription medication or other treatment is suggested (i.e. doesn't require doctor's evaluation, however might benefit from nurse check-up and advice); 2. non-urgent if ailment is prolonged or chronic, but benefits from doctor's evaluation and would more efficiently be managed through non-urgent appointment (\> 3 days); 3. urgent if ailment is (semi-)acute and benefits from doctor's evaluation within 1-3 days; and 4. emergency if ailment requires evaluation and treatment within the same day (or immediately) to avoid risk of serious health hazard. This output is correlated with the ESI classification used by KUH emergency and other data collected from electronic health records regarding urgency of the condition. When attending to the hospital, patients will report their demographics, background information, symptoms, other case specific data and satisfaction using structured IPFM online form. Patients entering the unit in an ambulance or with need of immediate care due to severe and acute conditions are managed through traditional process: they do not fill the form and, hence, are out of scope of the pre-evaluation process and this study. All information gathered is transferred to the IPFM dashboard, where the patient reported clinical information, AI-induced suggestions on the urgency of the care needed and potential diagnosis (a differential of 3-10 probable diagnosis) is demonstrated. However, in this study design, healthcare professionals cannot see any clinical information in the IPFM dashboard, i.e. the output of IPFM is blinded. Patient data will be saved to the registry from IPFM: 1) age; 2) gender; 3) duration of the symptoms; 4) body location of the symptoms; 5) symptoms chosen from the symptom cloud(s) by the patient (symptom cloud is dynamic, consist of 430 potential symptoms, symptom selection varies depending on the previous actions of the patient); 6) severity symptoms chosen from the severity symptom cloud (severity symptom cloud is dynamic, consist of 100 potential severity symptoms, selection varies depending on the previous actions of the patient); 7) free text fields regarding the selected symptoms; 8) answers (yes/no) to the questions: a) have you used any medication or other treatment for your ailment, b) has someone (e.g. a physician or a physiotherapist) already examined or treated your ailment; 9) identification number of the form; 10) unique case id number; 11) name; 12) social security number; and 13) telephone number. After the primary IPFM data collection stage at the beginning of each ER visit, a secondary stage of data retrieval is initiated after the study period. During this only critical information required to assess the validity of the IPFM system outcomes will be fetched from the electronic health care system: 1) ESI classification; 2) diagnosis/diagnoses of the patient; 3) speciality \& care path chosen in the urgency care; 4) traditional non-ESI urgency assessment comparable to our urgency scale (if stored). The final data points will be equivalent to these, but might due to changes in ER practices and/or data systems vary. The data points are chosen to optimally allow comparative analysis of results. This information is only used after data collection when evaluating the validity of IPFM. Despite excluding patients with need of acute immediate care of healthcare professionals (arriving with an ambulance), also children/adolescents and patients with otherwise restricted capabilities or developmental disorders are excluded from the study. Adult patients with mild mental disorders can be included, excluding the patients with guardian. Additionally, pregnant or breastfeeding patients are excluded from the study. 4. Ethical aspects of the research Participation to the study is voluntary for the patients. After receiving oral and written information on location at KUH emergency department, patients will sign an informed consent form. As described in the chapter 5, the study protocol will not harm any study subjects and will not interfere negatively in their treatment. The patients participate in the study only once, on location when arriving to the emergency department, and thus no further activity nor financial burden is generated. An independent research data registry will be generated for this study. When creating the registry, social security number or telephone number is used to merge the data from electronic health records and IPFM. After the data has been merged and the combined registry is created, randomly generated case ids are used as research subject identifiers and information that allows for identification of single patients is not available. The merging of the data is done by the KYS staff prior to access into research registry being granted for the research group. The combined research registry will be stored in a digital format, on a computer owned only by the research group members. There will be a password protection for a user to enter a) the computer and b) the registry file itself. The file will be stored on a local folder not accessed online (i.e. not a cloud storage folder). The registry file will be stored for five (5) years after the research has deemed finished and will be deleted after the period according to the required handling standards. The administrator of the case ids is the person responsible of the project and Klinik Healthcare Solutions Oy is responsible for storing the registry file. The study will be registered into international "ClinicalTrials.gov" research register. The results of this project will be reported in a group level and, thus, no individual information can be recognized. The application for the ethical committee will be submitted in May 2020. 5. Risk assessment The healthcare professionals are evaluating the patients by their own clinical judgement and they do not utilize output of IPFM in their decision making. IPFM data is only assessed after the data collection. There is a potential risk of acquiring volunteers below the intended volume for the study. This will be addressed by extending the study period or overlap of daily working hours. There is a hypothetical risk of causing undesired delay in the registration process of the patients that would cause critical cases to be missed due to increased waiting times for the registration. Our previous user studies have shown that filling out the IPFM form takes circa 3-5 minutes, which would not be a life threatening delay for walk-in patients. This risk will be monitored and if noticed, managed in real time. 6. Time schedule and funding plans This study is initially planned to be executed between 1.7.2020 and 30.6.2023. Duration of the data collection is approximately 2 weeks and is designed to complete during fall 2020. The project is anticipated to have a small scale economic effect for the parties. The patients in this study will not experience any economic harm. The service provider Klinik Healthcare Solutions Oy will cover for the costs of it's researchers and assisting staff in the form of a moderate hourly pay. The service provider will also provide the digital equipment used in the research in collecting the information from the patients. In the approval of the equipment it will work closely with the ICT department of Kuopio University Hospital District. The hospital or the emergency department will not have any additional costs regarding the research project. There are no additional economical compensations to the researchers or to the study population. 7. Research group, resources and conflicts of interest The research group consists of MD, PhD Juhani Määttä (Medical Research Center Oulu, University of Oulu), MD, PhD candidate Petteri Hirvonen (University of Helsinki), MD Rony Lindell (University of Helsinki) and PhD Tero Martikainen, chief doctor of Kuopio University Hospital A\&E department. Juhani Määttä, Petteri Hirvonen and Rony Lindell have financial and business interests in Klinik Healthcare Solutions Oy. 8. Expected results and scientific impact The study is expected to validate high accuracy (i.e. safe and reliable usability) of IPFM tool in KUH hospital context. The results are generalizable to other hospital emergency departments, however with caution by doing contextual analysis and process comparisons prior to implementation considerations. Through assessing IPFM output with data from patient's electronic health records, the study is expected to show: 1) strong correlation of the urgency category; and 2) good correlation between calculated differential diagnosis and the diagnoses of ED or ward doctors. The purpose is to publish the results in internationally recognized medical journals with high quality. According to our review of the literature on this subject, an AI-supported automation of the inbound patient traffic in an emergency department setting has not been studied previously, especially not in this scale and patient variation. An increasing public and professional interest is arising regarding AI-based solutions to support professionals in their work and decision making. To meet these needs, this study provides and scientifically validates a solution which works semi-independently, taking up initial tasks normally reserved for healthcare professionals. The research group anticipates this being of great interest to the scientific community - and will add to the discussion of the possibilities of the DHT to provide marked cost-effectiveness while not compromising on patient safety and effectiveness of the use of professional resources. Inclusion Criteria: All adult (\>18 years of age) patients independently (walking) entering emergency care ward with written consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients arriving with ambulance * Patients needing immediate care * Patients under 18 years of age * Patients with restricted capabilities or developmental disorders.
Build Better Bones With Exercise Build Better Bones With Exercise: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Exercise in Women With Osteoporotic Vertebral Fracture The long-term goal of our research team is to conduct a large multicentre study to evaluate whether tailored home exercise can prevent fractures in high-risk individuals. The proposed project will address the feasibility of such a trial, but will also evaluate the effect of exercise on quality of life, posture and many other outcomes important to individuals with vertebral fractures. Physiotherapists will conduct 6 home visits with participants to deliver the intervention (or social visit for controls) using a similar model to previous work by our team and others. The purpose of this pilot study is determining the feasibility of recruitment, retention and adherence of an international multicentre randomized controlled study evaluating the efficacy of thrice-weekly home exercise for one year among women with vertebral fracture. As secondary objectives, the investigators will examine the effects of exercise on function, balance, quality of life, pain, falls and fractures. The primary hypothesis is that the investigators will successfully recruit and retain the target sample, and achieve an adherence rate of 60%. There is limited data available from which to develop guidelines for safe and effective exercise prescription among individuals with hip or vertebral fractures. The long-term goal of our research team is to conduct a large multi-centre randomized controlled trial (RCT) to investigate whether participating in a thrice-weekly home exercise program for one year can reduce incident fragility fractures among women aged 65 years or older with a history of vertebral fracture compared to no intervention. The current study is a pilot study with the principal objective of determining the feasibility of recruitment, retention and adherence of an international multicentre RCT evaluating the efficacy of thrice-weekly home exercise for one year among women with vertebral fracture. The intervention was developed by experts in exercise prescription based on a rigorous literature review and Cochrane meta-analysis we have conducted. Physiotherapists will conduct 6 home visits with participants to deliver the intervention (or social visit for controls) using a similar model to previous work by our team and others. Secondary outcomes of the pilot study are those hypothesized to be among the causal pathway linking exercise to fracture risk, including lower extremity strength, posture, balance, as well as falls and fractures. Additional secondary outcomes include quality of life, pain, exercise self-efficacy, the cost of the intervention, and the risk of adverse events associated with exercise. The recruitment and retention process will be summarized using a CONSORT flow diagram, and the reporting of results will be in accordance with the CONSORT criteria. Analyses of feasibility objectives will be descriptive or based on estimates with 95% confidence intervals, where feasibility will be assessed relative to criteria defined a priori. Differences in secondary outcomes will be evaluated in intention to treat analyses via independent student T-tests, Chi Square or logistic regression. The Bonferroni method will be used to adjust the level of significance for secondary outcomes so the overall level is alpha=0.05. Even if the larger trial proves not to be feasible, the current trial will be one of the largest exercise studies among a representative group of women with vertebral fracture to date, and will evaluate the feasibility and costs of a comprehensive home exercise program, and its effect on important secondary outcomes. Osteoporosis Canada has defined a need to develop patient resources on exercise and recently announced a shift in priority to individuals with existing fractures; the proposed pilot study is timely and will directly inform these knowledge translation initiatives. Inclusion Criteria: * Has a) a known or suspected vertebral fracture of non-traumatic etiology OR b) one of the following: * documented height loss of ≥2cm * historical height loss of ≥6cm * visible hyperkyphosis * age greater than or equal to 65 years of age * able to understand instructions in english * able to give informed consent (no cognitive impairment) Exclusion Criteria: * Current or prior cancer * On dialysis, known liver, kidney or malabsorption disease * Progressive neurological disorder, unable to stand or walk for 10 metres, with/without gait aid or progressive disorder likely to prevent study completion, palliative care. * Current participation in muscle strengthening or similar exercise program ≥ 3 times per week * Uncontrolled hypertension or other contraindications to exercise
Effect of Face Mask Therapy on Blood Oxygen Levels Evaluation of the Effect of Face Mask Therapy and RPE Application on Blood Oxygen Levels Skeletal Class III malocclusions are characterized by maxillary retrusion, mandibular protrusion, or a combination of both. In growing individuals presenting with maxillary deficiency, the face mask appliance is widely recognized as one of the most effective and frequently utilized orthopedic interventions. The primary objective of face mask therapy is to stimulate forward and downward growth of the maxilla by disarticulating and activating the circummaxillary sutural system. The application of protraction forces via a face mask results in anterior displacement of the maxillary dentition, accompanied by lingual inclination of the mandibular incisors. Orthopedic effects of the appliance typically include forward and downward movement of the maxilla with a slight degree of upward rotation, posterior dental extrusion, and backward rotation of the mandible. Numerous studies have demonstrated that combining rapid maxillary expansion (RME) with face mask therapy enhances skeletal outcomes, especially when initiated during the early stages of growth. Delayed intervention is often associated with reduced orthopedic responsiveness. Foersch et al. evaluated the effects of pre-treatment rapid maxillary expansion on face mask therapy outcomes and concluded that expansion positively influences sagittal skeletal changes. In the absence of expansion, greater dental compensation was observed, particularly in the transverse dimension. From a clinical standpoint, anterior crossbite correction can typically be achieved within approximately 3 to 4 months, depending on the severity of the malocclusion. However, establishing a stable overbite and molar relationship usually requires an additional 4 to 6 months of treatment. A prospective clinical study analyzing treatment outcomes in Class III patients reported that overjet correction occurred through 31% maxillary advancement, 21% mandibular retraction, 28% labial proclination of the maxillary incisors, and 20% lingual retroclination of the mandibular incisors. To compensate for potential adverse effects of late mandibular growth, overcorrection of the overjet and molar relationship has been recommended. RME has also been associated with significant anatomical and functional changes in the upper airway. Specifically, an increase in the width of the nasal cavity base leads to a reduction in nasal airway resistance and improvement in nasal respiration. Recent investigations have documented post-treatment increases in pharyngeal airway dimensions and corresponding enhancements in nasal breathing. In a clinical study involving 25 patients with Class III malocclusion due to maxillary deficiency, face mask therapy resulted in a significant increase in nasopharyngeal airway space, which remained stable after a four-year follow-up period. Another study comparing 18 patients treated with RME and face mask therapy against an untreated control group of 163 individuals demonstrated a statistically significant enlargement of the nasopharyngeal space in the treated group. Pulse oximetry operates based on two fundamental physical principles. First, arterial blood generates a pulsatile signal, while non-pulsatile signals originate from venous and capillary beds. Second, modern oximeters utilize light-emitting diodes (LEDs) emitting at wavelengths of 660 nm (red) and 940 nm (infrared), as oxyhemoglobin and deoxygenated hemoglobin display distinct absorption spectra at these wavelengths. In a study conducted by Niaki et al., among patients exhibiting mouth breathing patterns, 65.4% were classified as hypoxemic, while 34.6% had normal oxygen saturation levels. Gender analysis revealed that 31.4% of males and 40% of females demonstrated normal oxygen saturation.Mouth breathing has been shown to influence craniofacial growth and may contribute to the development of various malocclusion patterns. Conversely, specific malocclusion types can exacerbate oral breathing tendencies. It is important to acknowledge that oral respiration has a measurable impact on blood oxygen levels and overall respiratory function. Inclusion Criteria: 6-10 years of age Class III Malocclusion - Exclusion Criteria: * +10 years of age
Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Spinal Cord Compression SCORAD: A Randomised Feasibility Study of Single Fraction Radiotherapy Compared to Multi-fraction Radiotherapy in Patients With Metastatic Spinal Cord Compression RATIONALE: Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known which radiation therapy regimen is more effective in treating metastatic spinal cord compression. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is comparing two radiation therapy regimens to see how well they work in treating patients with metastatic spinal cord compression. OBJECTIVES: * To examine whether a phase III randomized study comparing a single-fraction of radiotherapy with multi-fraction radiotherapy is acceptable to clinicians and to patients with metastatic spinal cord compression. * To determine the feasibility of conducting this study in the United Kingdom. OUTLINE: This is a multicenter study. Patients are stratified by treatment center and known prognostic factors (ambulatory status at diagnosis, primary tumor type, and extent of disease \[spinal metastases only vs spinal and non-bony metastases\]). Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. * Arm I (multi-fraction radiotherapy): Patients undergo 5 fractions of 20 Gy external-beam radiotherapy. * Arm II (single-fraction radiotherapy): Patients undergo 1 fraction of 8 Gy external beam radiotherapy. Patients undergo assessment of ambulatory status, quality of life, bladder and bowel function, and acute toxicity via self-reported questionnaires and telephone follow-ups at baseline and weeks 1, 4, 8, and 12. DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS: * Histologically or cytologically confirmed malignant disease * Proven diagnosis of metastatic spinal cord compression on MRI or CT scan * Single site of compression OR multiple sites that can be treated within a single radiation treatment field * No patient for whom surgery or chemotherapy treatment is more appropriate * No multiple myeloma as primary cancer PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS: * Life expectancy \> 1 month * Not pregnant * Willing and able to complete assessment forms * Able to give informed consent PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY: * See Disease Characteristics
Comparative Analysis of the Visual Performance and Patient Satisfaction After Cataract Surgery With Implantation of a Medicontur Monofocal (877PAY) or a Medicontur Extended Depth of Focus (877PEY) IOL Comparative Analysis of the Visual Performance and Patient Satisfaction After Cataract Surgery With Implantation of a Medicontur Monofocal (877PAY) or a Medicontur Extended Depth of Focus (877PEY) IOL The purpose of this multi-center, prospective, randomized, comparative clinical investigation was to evaluate and compare the visual performance at far, intermediate and near distances, the presence of photopic phenomena and patient satisfaction after cataract surgery in patients implanted binocularly with a Medicontur monofocal (877PAY) or a Medicontur extended depth of focus (877PEY) IOL models. The visit schedule included a total of 6 visits, in addition to the IOL implantation surgery, with the listed follow-up timeline: * screening and baseline assessments * day 0 (IOL implantation surgery) * day 1 * month 1 * month 3 * month 6 * month 12 Inclusion Criteria: * cataractous patients who wish to be partly spectacle independent * cataractous lens changes as demonstrated by best corrected visual acuity of 20/40 or worse either with or without a glare source present (e.g., Brightness Acuity Tester) or with significant cataract-related visual symptoms\* * best corrected visual acuity to be better than 20/25 (0.1 logMAR) after cataract removal and IOL implantation\* * ≤ 1.0 D of preoperative keratometric astigmatism; * clear intraocular media other than cataract; * given written informed consent by subject; * subjects are willing and able to comply with schedule for follow-up visits; * adult patient Exclusion Criteria: * corneal astigmatism \> 1.00 D * irregular astigmatism * diabetic retinopathy * iris neovascularisation * serious intraoperative complications * congenital eye abnormality * uncontrolled glaucoma or glaucoma with changes in optical nerve and visual field * pseudoexfoliation syndrome * amblyopia * uveitis * long-term anti-inflammatory treatment * AMD * retinal detachment * prior ocular surgery in personal medical history * corneal diseases * severe retinal diseases (dystrophy, degeneration) * severe myopia (if required IOL power is lower than 10 D) * inadequate visualization of the fundus on preoperative examination * patients deemed by the clinical investigator because of any systemic disease. * eye trauma in medical history Intraoperative exclusion criteria: * tear in capsulorhexis\* * zonular dehiscence\* * posterior capsular rupture vitreous loss and other unexpected surgical complication\* * According to coordinator investigator's decision, the marked inclusion and exclusion criteria were not applied.
Fecal Microbiota Transplant (FMT) Plus Fidaxomicin for Severe or Fulminant Clostridium Difficile Infection Serial Fecal Microbiota Transplant (FMT) Plus Fidaxomicin in the Treatment of Severe or Fulminant Clostridium Difficile Infection, With Detailed Characterization in Microbiota, Metabolomics and Host Immune Response Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) has been very effective for patients who suffer from mild C diff infection (CDI) which recurs but it is unclear how effective FMT alone is in treating severe and fulminant CDI. Current evidence suggests that FMT in combination with vancomycin is required, and that multiple treatments are necessary. The investigators think fidaxomicin may be a better option in the context and may potentially reduce the number of FMT required. However, fidaxomicin has never been used to treat severe or fulminant CDI. In this pilot study, the investigators plan to use a combination of FMT plus fidaxomicin to determine efficacy and safety in treating patients with severe or fulminant CDI. The investigators want to see if this approach may reduce the number of FMT treatment required, and/or the length of hospital stay. In this prospective, open -label, multi--center feasibility study, the investigators aim to determine the efficacy and safety of using combined serial FMT by enema plus fidaxomicin to treat patients who have severe or fulminant CDI not responding to maximal medical therapy. The hypothesis is the combination of FMT plus fidaxomicin can reduce the number of FMT required and/or hospital length of stay compared to FMT plus vancomycin. Participants will receive FMT by enemas over 3 days which constitutes a single cycle with concurrent treatment with oral fidaxomicin. If participants do not show improvement biochemically or clinically, then a repeat FMT cycle will be administered to a maximum of 4 cycles. Inclusion Criteria: * Age \> 18 years with severe1 or fulminant2 CDI, without an adequate response to metronidazole IV 500 mg q8H and vancomycin 500 mg PO q6h for at least 2 days or after Fecal Microbiota Transplant (FMT). An adequate response is defined as a decrease in stool frequency or inflammatory markers (WBC or C reactive protein) by 10% over 48 hours * Those with ability to provide informed consent or an alternative decision maker providing assent Exclusion Criteria: * Those with bowel perforation * Those taking chemotherapy or radiation treatment with absolute neutrophil count of \< 1000 cells/mm3 * Those with known colonic strictures * Those with subtotal colectomy or planning to have a colectomy * Those with significant ileus
Effects of Breathing Patterns on Post-prandial Vascular Function The Effects of Different Breathing Styles on Post High-Fat Meal Blood Vessel Function The purpose of this study is investigate the effects of two different breathing styles on postprandial vascular function and oxidative stress markers. Participants will complete 2 breathing conditions in random order. Inclusion Criteria: • Male participants ages 18-35 years Exclusion Criteria: * Infection within the previous 4 weeks * Renal disorders * Any cardiovascular disorders such as prior myocardial infarction, known coronary artery disease, personal history of stroke, heart failure, cardiac arrhythmias * Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease * Diabetes * Inflammatory bowel disease * HIV, rheumatoid arthritis, chronic or other inflammatory conditions * Currently taking steroids or other anti-inflammatory medications * Current use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs * Smoking * Stage 2 hypertension or higher (systolic BP of 140 mm Hg or higher and/or diastolic BP of 90 mm Hg or higher) * Lactose intolerance
Blackberry Flavonoid Absorption and Effects on Intestinal Bacteria Intestinal bacteria can metabolize unabsorbed polyphenols (plant compounds) to produce smaller molecules which may impact health. In addition, evidence suggests that this process may be affected by body fatness. This study aims to investigate absorption of blackberry polyphenols, their impact on intestinal bacteria, polyphenol metabolites formed by intestinal bacteria, and how these processes differ for obese and lean individuals. It is hypothesized that polyphenol absorption and metabolism will differ between obese and lean individuals and that differences in intestinal microbiota may play a role. Inclusion Criteria: * 25-75 years old Exclusion Criteria: * Use of blood-thinning medications such as Coumadin (warfarin), Dicumarol (dicumarol), or Miradon (anisindione) * Presence of any gastrointestinal disease, metabolic disease, or malabsorption syndromes that may interfere with the study goals * Have been pregnant during the previous 12 months, are currently pregnant or lactating, or plan to become pregnant during the study * Type 2 diabetes requiring the use of oral antidiabetic agents or insulin * Fasting triglycerides greater than 300 mg/dL * Fasting glucose greater than 126 mg/dL * History of eating disorders or other dietary patterns which are not consistent with the dietary intervention (e.g., vegetarians, very low fat diets, high protein diets) * Use of prescription or over-the-counter antiobesity medications or supplements (e.g., phenylpropanolamine, ephedrine, caffeine) during and for at least 6 months prior to the start of the study or a history of a surgical intervention for obesity * Active cardiovascular disease (such as a heart attack or procedure within the past three months or participation in a cardiac rehabilitation program within the last three months, stroke, or history/treatment for transient ischemic attacks in the past three months, or documented history of pulmonary embolus in the past six months). * Use of any tobacco products in past 3 months * Unwillingness to abstain from herbal supplements for two weeks prior to the study and during the study * Known (self-reported) allergy or adverse reaction to blackberries or other study foods * Unable or unwilling to give informed consent or communicate with study staff * Self-report of alcohol or substance abuse within the past twelve months and/or current acute treatment or rehabilitation program for these problems (Long-term participation in Alcoholics Anonymous is not an exclusion) * Other medical, psychiatric, or behavioral factors that in the judgment of the Principal Investigator may interfere with study participation or the ability to follow the intervention protocol
ToleroMune House Dust Mites (HDM) Exposure Chamber Study A Double-blind, Randomised, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate Three Doses of ToleroMune HDM in House Dust Mite Allergic Subjects Following Challenge With House Dust Mite Allergen in an Environmental Exposure Chamber. House Dust Mites (HDM) are arachnids that infest bedding, carpet, upholstered furniture and fabric. Like many other allergens, exposure to HDM allergens in sensitised patients is associated with poorer lung function, greater medication requirements and more asthma symptoms as well as chronic rhinosinusitis symptoms. In contrast to other allergens, there is evidence that HDMA leads to the development of asthma, in addition to exacerbating pre-existing asthma in HDM-sensitised patients. ToleroMune HDM is a novel, synthetic, allergen-derived peptide desensitising vaccine, currently being developed for the treatment of HDM allergy This study will look at the efficacy, safety and tolerability of three doses of ToleroMune HDM in HDM allergic subjects following challenge with HDM allergen in an Environmental Exposure Chamber (EEC)). This study is designed as a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of ToleroMune HDM in HDM allergic subjects with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The efficacy of ToleroMune Ragweed will be explored in subjects using an EEC. The study will consist of 3 study periods. In Period 1, Screening will be performed up to a maximum of 16 weeks before randomisation and may consist of one or two visits to the clinic, at the Investigator's discretion. Baseline Challenge will consist of 3 visits to the EEC. Eligible subjects will complete a daily diary card at home for two weeks following the final visit to the EEC. In Period 2, subjects in each cohort complying with the inclusion/exclusion criteria will be randomised to one of four groups and will receive treatment over 11 visits in 3 dosing periods for each subject. Within each dosing period visits will take place at intervals of 4 weeks (28±2 days). There will also be two EEC visits during the treatment period and one post treatment EEC visit. Following the final visit to the EEC, subjects will complete a daily diary card at home for two weeks. In Period 3, Follow-up will be conducted 16-21 days after the final EEC visit. Inclusion criteria * Male or female, aged 18-65 years. * Minimum 1-year documented history of rhinoconjunctivitis on exposure to HDM. * Positive skin prick test to Der p allergen. * Minimum qualifying rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores Exclusion criteria * History of asthma (asthma in childhood . * A history of anaphylaxis to HDM allergen. * Subjects with an FEV1 \<80% of predicted. * Subjects who cannot tolerate baseline challenge in the EEC. * Subjects for whom administration of epinephrine is contra-indicated (e.g. subjects with acute or chronic symptomatic coronary heart disease or severe hypertension). * A history of severe drug allergy, severe angioedema or anaphylactic reaction to food. * A history of any significant disease or disorder (e.g. cardiovascular, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, liver, renal, neurological, musculoskeletal, endocrine, metabolic, neoplastic/malignant, psychiatric, major physical impairment).
Increasing Linkage to Family Planning Care for Individuals With Substance Use Disorder Increasing Linkage to Family Planning Care for Individuals With Substance Use Disorder This study will utilize mixed methods to develop and assess the feasibility and acceptability of a health educator intervention designed to connect patients in recovery from substance use disorder to reproductive health education and services. Developing effective reproductive health interventions for individuals in treatment for substance use disorder is an important public health priority. In the US nearly half (45%) of all pregnancies are unplanned and studies have consistently found this rate to be much higher among individuals in substance treatment, almost 90%. There is a paucity of research on interventions to support the family planning care of this population. The primary goal of this project is to identify an innovative delivery model to address the family planning needs of individuals of reproductive age in treatment for substance use disorder at an urban integrated safety-net health system. Through the use of mixed methods this study will address the following objectives: 1) To describe the family planning experiences and needs of individuals in treatment for substance use disorders (SUD) in a representative sample of patients and 2) To assess the feasibility and acceptability of the intervention among study participants. If found to be acceptable, efficacy should be assessed in a randomized controlled trial. A navigator model such as this is generalizable and could be easily integrated into a variety of settings. Inclusion Criteria: * In treatment for substance use disorder at one of the participating clinics; 18-44 years of age; English-speaking; not currently pregnant; able to become pregnant (e.g., no history of hysterectomy, tubal ligation, hysterectomy, menopause); not planning to leave the Denver area in the next 3 months. Exclusion Criteria: * currently pregnant; intoxicated or mentally impaired to the point that one is unable to voluntarily consent to participate and/or respond to the surveys.
Atezolizumab Trial in Endometrial Cancer - AtTEnd Phase III Double-blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial of Atezolizumab in Combination With Paclitaxel and Carboplatin in Women With Advanced/Recurrent Endometrial Cancer Atezolizumab is an engineered humanised monoclonal immunoglobulin G1 antibody that binds selectively to PD-L1 and prevents its interaction with PD-1 and B7-1. In May 2016 atezolizumab was approved by the FDA for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following any platinum-containing chemotherapy, or within 12 months of receiving chemotherapy before surgery (neoadjuvant) or after surgery (adjuvant); in October 2016 it was approved by the FDA for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, and have progressed on an appropriate FDA-approved targeted therapy if their tumor has EGFR or ALK gene abnormalities. Finally, in April 2017 atezolizumab was granted accelerated approval by FDA for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin chemotherapy. Combinations of atezolizumab with chemotherapeutic agents and/or targeted therapies were studied in different solid tumors such as melanoma, NSCLC, renal cell carcinoma and colorectal carcinoma. From these studies the AE profile of atezolizumab combinations were consistent with that of the individual agents. Finally, preliminary results of a Phase Ia study of Atezolizumab (NCT01375842) monotherapy in relapsed endometrial cancer were reported as abstract at ASCO 2017. Fifteen patients were evaluated for safety and efficacy with a minimum follow-up of 11.2 months. No G4-5 related AEs occurred. Regarding efficacy ORR was 13% \[2/15\] by RECIST. Atezolizumab seemed to have a favorable safety profile, with durable clinical benefit in some patients. Further studies with atezolizumab are warranted given its promising results in advanced endometrial cancer and the limited efficacy of current treatment options. Inclusion Criteria: I-1. Newly diagnosed, histologically-confirmed with residual disease after surgery either measurable or evaluable, or inoperable stage III-IV endometrial carcinoma/carcinosarcoma, after diagnostic biopsy, and naïve to first line systemic anti-cancer treatment. Recurrent endometrial cancer patients if not yet treated for recurrent disease. I-2. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-2 I-3. Age ≥ 18 years I-4. Only one prior line of systemic platinum-based regimen is permitted if the platinum-free interval ≥ 6 months. Such prior line is the up-front/adjuvant treatment which can be concurrent chemoradiation or concurrent chemoradiation followed by chemotherapy or only chemotherapy. I-5. Patients with history of primary breast cancer may be eligible provided they completed their definitive anticancer treatment more than 3 years ago and they remain breast cancer disease free prior to start of study treatment. I-6. Previous pelvic and outside pelvis radiation is allowed if completed more than 6 weeks ago. I-7. Signed informed consent and ability to comply with treatment and follow-up. I-8. Representative FFPE tumor sample or, only if unfeasible, at least 20 unstained slides from initial surgery or from diagnostic biopsy, in case surgery was not performed, available and sent to central laboratory for Micro Satellite (MS) determination prior to randomization. I-9. Patients must have normal organ and bone marrow function : 1. Haemoglobin ≥ 10.0 g/dL. 2. Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) ≥ 1.5 x 109/L. 3. Platelet count ≥ 100 x 109/L. 4. Total bilirubin ≤ 1.5 x institutional upper limit of normal (ULN). 5. Aspartate aminotransferase /Serum Glutamic Oxaloacetic Transaminase (ASAT/SGOT)) and Alanine aminotransferase /Serum Glutamic Pyruvate Transaminase (ALAT/SGPT)) ≤ 2.5 x ULN, unless liver metastases are present in which case they must be ≤ 5 x ULN. 6. Serum creatinine ≤ 1.5 x institutional ULN Exclusion Criteria: E-1. Other malignancy within the last 5 years except: adequately treated non-melanoma skin cancer, curatively treated in situ cancer of the cervix, ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) of the breast. Patients with a history of localized malignancy diagnosed over 5 years ago may be eligible provided they completed their adjuvant systemic therapy prior to randomization and that the patient remains free of recurrent or metastatic disease. E-2. Patients with uterine leiomyosarcoma . E-3. Major surgery within 4 weeks of starting study treatment or patients who have not completely recovered from the effects of any major surgery. E-4. Previous allogeneic bone marrow transplant or previous solid organ transplantation. E-5. Administration of other simultaneous chemotherapy drugs, any other anticancer therapy or anti-neoplastic hormonal therapy, or simultaneous radiotherapy during the trial treatment period (hormonal replacement therapy is permitted). E-6. Prior treatment with CD137 agonists or immune checkpoint blockade therapies, anti-PD1, or anti-PDL1 therapeutic antibodies or anti-CTLA4 . E-7. Treatment with systemic immunostimulatory agents (including but not limited to interferon-alpha (IFN-α) and interleukin-2 (IL-2) within 4 weeks or five half-lives of the drug (whichever is shorter) prior to Cycle 1, Day 1. E-8. Treatment with systemic corticosteroids or other systemic immunosuppressive medications (including but not limited to prednisone, dexamethasone, cyclophosphamide, azathioprine, methotrexate, thalidomide, and anti-tumor necrosis factor \[TNF\] agents) within 2 weeks prior to Cycle 1, Day 1, or anticipated requirement for systemic immunosuppressive medications during the trial. However, please note that the use of inhaled corticosteroids for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or for asthma is allowed, as well as the use of mineralocorticoids (e.g., fludrocortisones) and low-dose supplemental corticosteroids for adrenocortical insufficiency and for patients with orthostatic hypotension. The use of corticosteroids as premedication for paclitaxel-based regimen is allowed). E-9. History of autoimmune disease, including but not limited to myasthenia gravis, myositis,autoimmune hepatitis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, vascular thrombosis associated with anti-phospholipid syndrome, Wegener's granulomatosis, Sjögren's syndrome, Guillain-Barré syndrome, multiple sclerosis, vasculitis, or glomerulonephritis \[please note: patients with a history of autoimmune hypothyroidism on a stable dose of thyroid replacement hormone are eligible; patients with controlled Type 1 diabetes mellitus on a stable insulin regimen are eligible; history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (including pneumonitis), drug-induced pneumonitis, organizing pneumonia (i.e., bronchiolitis obliterans, cryptogenic organizing pneumonia) is permitted\]. E-10. Immunocompromised patients, e.g., patients who are known to be serologically positive for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). E-11. Patients with active hepatitis B (defined as having a positive hepatitis B surface antigen \[HBsAg\] test at screening) or hepatitis C . 1. Patients with past hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection or resolved HBV infection (defined as having a negative HBsAg test and a positive total hepatitis B core antibody \[HBcAb\]) are eligible only if hepatitis B virus (HBV) DNA is negative. The HBV DNA test will be performed only for patients who have a positive total HBcAb test. 2. Patients positive for hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibody are eligible only if polymerase chain reaction (PCR) is negative for HCV RNA. The HCV RNA test will be performed only for patients who have a positive HCV antibody test. E-12. Active tuberculosis (all patients will have tuberculin \[PPD\] skin test or Interferon-Gamma Releasing Assay \[IGRA\] done locally prior to inclusion to study) E-13. Signs or symptoms of infection within 2 weeks prior to Cycle 1, Day 1 E-14. Administration of a live, attenuated vaccine within 4 weeks prior to Cycle 1, Day 1 or anticipation that such a live attenuated vaccine will be required during the study. Influenza vaccination should be given during influenza season only (example approximately October to March in the Northern Hemisphere). Patients must not receive live, attenuated influenza vaccine. E-15. Clinically significant (e.g. active) cardiovascular disease, including: 1. Myocardial infarction or unstable angina within ≤ 6 months of randomization, 2. New York Heart Association (NYHA) ≥ grade 2 congestive heart failure (CHF), 3. Poorly controlled cardiac arrhythmia despite medication (patients with rate controlled atrial fibrillation are eligible), 4. Peripheral vascular disease grade ≥ 3 (e.g. symptomatic and interfering with activities of daily living \[ADL\] requiring repair or revision) E-16. Resting ECG with QTc \> 470 msec on 2 or more time points within a 24 hour period or family history of long QT syndrome. E-17. History or clinical suspicion of brain metastases or spinal cord compression. CT/MRI of the brain is mandatory (within 4 weeks prior to randomization) in case of suspected brain metastases. Spinal MRI is mandatory (within 4 weeks prior to randomization) in any case of suspected central nervous system (CNS) involvement . E-18. History or evidence upon neurological examination of central nervous system (CNS) disease, unless asymptomatic and adequately treated with standard medical therapy. E-19. Evidence of any other disease, metabolic dysfunction, physical examination finding or laboratory finding giving reasonable suspicion of a disease or condition that contraindicates the use of an investigational drug or puts the patient at high risk for treatment related complications. E-20. Women of childbearing potential (\<2 years after last menstruation) not willing to use highly-effective means of contraception. E-21. Pregnant or lactating women. E-22. History of severe allergic, anaphylactic, or other hypersensitivity reactions to chimeric or humanized antibodies or fusion proteins. E-23. Known hypersensitivity or allergy to biopharmaceuticals produced in Chinese hamster ovary cells or to any component of the atezolizumab formulation. E-24. Known hypersensitivity reaction or allergy to drugs chemically related to carboplatin, paclitaxel, or their excipients that contraindicates the subject's participation
The Effect of Reiki on Anxiety, Stress, and Comfort The Effect of Reiki on Anxiety, Stress, and Comfort Levels Before Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Upper gastrointestinal (GI) endoscopy is a procedure that is used in the examination, diagnosis, and treatment of the esophagus, stomach, and duodenum. With developments in present-day technology, it is safe and widely used. This study's aim is to determine the effect of Reiki when applied before upper gastrointestinal endoscopy on levels of anxiety, stress, and comfort. This single-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study was held between February and July 2021. Anxiety and stress are problems that are often seen in patients undergoing upper GI endoscopy, and managing them is an important step in calming the patient and thereby reducing complications.The results of this study will contribute to the literature in forming a basis for other studies on the topic. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of the application of Reiki and sham Reiki on anxiety, stress, and comfort levels in patients undergoing upper GI endoscopy. Inclusion criteria * patients who were having an upper GI endoscopy for the first time, * patients who were age 18 or over, * patients who had not previously had Reiki or sham Reiki (SR), * patients who did not have a history of an operation in the previous six months, * patients who were not using anxiolytic, hypnotic, or sedative drugs, * patients who had no cognitive or effective problems or any hindrance in communication, * patients who was literate, and who agreed to take part in the study. Exclusion criteria * patients who had an upper GI endoscopy with more than one elective condition, * patients who was undergoing an emergency upper GI endoscopy, * patients who were using anxiolytic, hypnotic, or sedative drugs, * patients who had taken an opioid analgesic before the procedure, * patients who completed the data collection forms incorrectly or incompletely, * patients who had previously had Reiki or SR, * patients who had a runny nose, fever, cough or any complaint of breathing difficulty, * patients who were not literate and who did not wish to voluntarily participate.
Outcome of Using Sperm Bound to the Zona Pellucida of Immature Oocytes for Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) The Natural Sperm Selection in Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) In vivo, the zona pellucida (ZP) of the oocyte can bind to normally functional sperm. The ZP-sperm interaction is one of the final steps of natural selection during their journey in the female reproductive tract. In the current study, we evaluated the ability of the ZP of immature oocytes to harvest the fittest sperm. We compared the embryological outcomes of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) using conventionally selected sperm (control group) and ZP-bound sperm (intervention group). Our results showed no statistically significant superiority for the ZP binding technique over the conventional sperm selection with respect to the rates of fertilization and cleavage. However; the rates of blastocyst formation and high-quality blastocysts were significantly improved in the intervention group compare to the control group. These findings imply that the proposed technique can serve as a cost-effective and natural sperm selection method that has the potential to enhance the embryological and clinical outcomes of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). The quality of the selected sperm used for intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) plays a detrimental role in embryonic quality and development. In in vitro fertilization (IVF) and during the sperm journey through the female reproductive tract in vivo, sperm interact with the zona pellucida (ZP) of the oocyte, which is the last stage of sperm selection before entering the oocyte. The ZP is selective with regard to binding and can bind to normally functioning sperm, especially those with a normal acrosomal region. According to Liu et al., only 14 % of the motile spermatozoa in fertile men can bind to the ZP. Only those spermatozoa with relatively normal size and shape of the acrosomal region and those with no or low Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) fragmentation can bind to and the ZP and fuse with the plasma membrane of the oocyte (oolemma) and thus are capable of fertilizing the oocyte. Human sperm vary in size, morphology, DNA integrity, motility, membrane composition, etc., and this can be observed even in the same ejaculate. It is a given fact that thorough sperm selection procedures befall spermatozoa in the female genital tract to filter superior sperm and allow only a small subpopulation of spermatozoa with superior quality to reach the site of fertilization where another sperm selection occurs (i.e. ZP interaction). The sperm traits that make in vitro fertilization effective are still debated. ICSI is now the standard practice for most Assisted Reproduction technologies (ART) centers worldwide and accounts for approximately 70% of all in vitro fertilization. The routine selection of spermatozoa for ICSI depends on an embryologist subjectively selecting sperm based on their motility and morphology. It is done after an analysis of the seminal fluid, which is a poor predictive tool of male fertility and does not express the fertilization capacity of the sperm. It had assumed that mimicking the natural sperm selection may improve the quality of selected spermatozoa and hence, the clinical outcomes of ICSI. Ideally, a sperm selection method that reduces the number of spermatozoa to a subpopulation with potentially the highest quality can improve fertilization and embryo quality and development and subsequent clinical outcomes of ICSI. Over the years, several sperm selection techniques have been developed for ICSI. However, these techniques were designed to select sperm based on a single sperm parameter (i.e. motility, density, sedimentation, nuclear integrity, etc.) and ignoring other sperm parameters related to the capability to fertilize the oocyte. Sperm selection techniques such as swim-up, microfluidics, and density gradient centrifugation yield a population of highly motile sperm but fail to mimic the rigorous natural sperm selection that considers other sperm parameters. Moreover, most of these methods require centrifugation which may negatively affect the paternal DNA and reduces the quality of sperm by increasing reactive oxygen species. Following these techniques, an embryologist has to subjectively select sperm based on their motility and morphology, which does not guarantee DNA integrity and is potentially time-consuming. One of the developed sperm selection methods to relatively duplicate the natural selection is the hyaluronic acid (HA) binding-based Physiological intracytoplasmic sperm injection (PICSI)® dishes. The cumulus oophorus layer surrounding the oocyte consists mainly of HA. However, there is conflicting data on the results using PICSI dishes. Moreover, sperm-ZP binding comprises parameters other than HA that are not featured in PICSI dishes. Sperm-oocyte interaction is a multi-step process involving physical and molecular interactions. It involves a complex and complementary receptor/ligand-based process between the surface proteins expressed on the ZP and the sperm. Research has unveiled several ZP protein candidates postulated to play a role in binding sperm. The main protein of these is the zona pellucida glycoprotein 3 (ZP3), whose O-linked oligosaccharide chains bind to an acrosome-intact sperm and induce an acrosomal reaction. The study consisted of 20 patients undergoing ICSI Our inclusion criteria included: Female age ≤ 38 years old. Male age ≤ 50 years old. Having at least one immature oocyte (i.e. germinal vesicle (GV) or Metaphase I (MI) oocyte) for incubation with sperm to preserve mature ones for ICSI. At least 10% sperm motility and thus testicular sperm samples were excluded. The patients were selected based on the percentage of DNA fragmentation and only those with ≤ 20% were recruited. Sibling oocytes were randomly divided into a control and an intervention group. Oocytes of the control group were injected with conventionally selected spermatozoa based on sperm morphology and motility. For the intervention group, one immature oocyte was incubated with a calculated volume of the processed semen with a concentration of 500,000 motile sperm/oocyte in a Carbon dioxide (CO2) incubator for 10 to 30 minutes and then checked for bound sperm under an inverted microscope. Only bound sperm with normal morphology were selected and transferred to a Polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) drop for immobilization and then injected into the cytoplasm of the MII oocytes of the intervention groups. Clinical manipulations 1. Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation (COH): All female patients were injected daily with a subcutaneous follicle-stimulating hormone (Gn, Gonal-F, Merck Serono, United States of America) from the 3rd to the 5th day of the menstrual cycle. The follicles were checked for reaching the appropriate diameter (i.e. 18-20 mm) and for their number using an ultrasound device. If two or more follicles reached the appropriate diameter, a trigger (human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)), (Ovitrelle®; Merck Serono, Switzerland) was administered intramuscularly to encourage final maturation and induce ovulation. 2-Sperm preparation: After male couples had been instructed to abstain from sexual activities for 1 to 7 days, Semen samples were collected by masturbation. Samples were placed at room temperature on warm plates or incubators at 37ºc until they were liquefied and the time of liquefaction was recorded. Both macroscopic and microscopic assessments were performed using the 2010 World Health Organization (WHO) manual as a reference. Then, samples were treated by one of the following techniques depending on the male factor: For the treatment groups, a specific volume of the prepared semen was co-incubated with an immature oocyte in an injection dish containing 10 µl micro drops of global media (LifeGlobal, Europe) with 3 ml of sterile equilibrated mineral oil overlay at 37 °C with 6 % CO2 for 10- 30 minutes. The volume according to the equation: x=(pellet volume x 0.5 x 100)/(motility x count (after processing)) 3-Oocyte retrieval: Oocyte retrieval was performed approximately 36 hours following the administration of the ovulation trigger. Under ultrasound guidance, a single lumen gauge needle (Reproline, Germany) had been used to aspirate the follicles for fast oocyte pick-up with a negative pressure of 115-120 mm Hg. At the same time, the follicular fluid had been collected in round bottom sterile 14 ml falcon tubes. Under a stereo microscope, the oocyte-cumulus complexes (COCs) were identified, washed, and transferred into fertilizing global total media (LifeGlobal, Europe) and incubated at 6% CO2 at 37°C until denudation. 4- Oocyte denudation and scoring: The COCs were denudated by placing them into a 100 µ1 drop of buffered media containing hyaluronidase enzyme 80 IU/ml (LifeGlobal, Europe) for 30 to 45 seconds. Then the oocytes were gently aspirated in and out by a sterile stripper pipette resulting in the removal of the coronal cells (25). Following that, a global total w/HEPES Buffer (LifeGlobal, Europe) was used to wash the denudated oocytes. An inverted microscope equipped with automatic manipulators, Narishige, hot stage, and Hoffman optics (Olympus 1x71) was used for assessing the oocytes' maturity. The oocyte maturation assessment was as follows: mature oocytes in the metaphase II (MII) characterized by the extrusion of the polar body, and immature oocytes were either in the germinal vesicle phase (GV) characterized by a centrally located germinal vesicle or in the Metaphase I (MI) characterized by the absence of both the polar body and the germinal vesicle. Mature oocytes were then incubated in a culture medium in a Labotect incubator with 6% Co2 at 37 ºC until the time of the intracytoplasmic sperm injection. In contrast, sibling immature oocytes were incubated in a culture medium (50 µ) with a 5000 concentration of spermatozoa/oocyte and placed in the Labotect incubator for 10-30 minutes till the time of sperm selection. 5- ICSI: Mature oocytes were placed in 10 µl micro drops of the global total w/HEPES Buffer (LifeGlobal, Europe) covered with 3ml of pure equilibrated mineral oil for ICSI. In the control group, each MII oocyte was injected with a conventionally selected sperm based on morphology and motility after being processed by density gradient centrifugation(DGC). However, in the treatment groups, ZP-bound sperm were selected from the surface of the immature oocytes through the use of a microneedle (Sunlight Medical, Jacksonville, FL, USA) and transferred in a 10 % polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) solution (SAGE, USA), immobilized, and then used to inject sibling MII oocytes. The procedure was carried out under an inverted microscope equipped with a holding pipette with slight negative pressure for handling the oocyte and an injection needle for injecting the sperm. The immature oocytes used for sperm selection were discarded. In all groups, the injection needle containing a single sperm was steadily and slowly moved through the cytoplasm of the MII oocyte and dropped 1 to 3µl to the center of the oocyte . 6- Outcome measures: All the embryological parameters (i.e. fertilization, cleavage, blastocyst formation, and blastocyst quality) were recorded and assessed. Signs for fertilization were observed 16-18 hours post ICSI. Furthermore, 48 and 72 h after ICSI, the cleavage rate was assessed. The blastocyst formation rate was assessed on day five post-ICSI. Embryos with high-quality blastocyst formation were classified according to Gardner's blastocyst grading system. This system assigns grades of the expansion and hatching status according to inner cell mass (ICM) and the trophectoderm (TE) quality. Good-quality blastocysts were classified as those with 6, 5, 4, or 3AA, AB, or BA. Fair-quality blastocysts were those with 6, 5, 4, or 3 BB. 7-Statistical analysis The rates of fertilization, cleavage, blastocyst formation, and high-quality blastocysts were reported as percentages for each group. Characteristics of male and female patients (age, sperm count, sperm motility, sperm morphology, number of retrieved oocytes, and number of mature and immature oocytes) were expressed as mean ± standard deviation (SD). The Student t-test was employed to compare continuous variables (fertilization rates, cleavage, blastocyst formation, and high-quality blastocysts). Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS 13.0. P-value ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Inclusion Criteria: * Couples must be diagnosed with infertility and undergoing ICSI cycle. * The age range for all female subjects must be between 21 and 38 years old, and their male partners must be older than 24 years old and above 50 years old. * Patients must produce at least two mature oocytes (one to be used for control and one for treatment) and one immature oocyte (to be used for selecting sperm). * Males must show at least 10% total sperm motility Exclusion Criteria: * Cases where the female was younger than 21 years or older than 38 years old. * Patients that had less than two mature oocytes * Patients with no immature oocytes * Patients with low oocyte quality. * Cases with less than 10% motility or those with no motility such as PESA, TESA, and TESE cases.
A Drug-drug Interaction Study Evaluating the Perpetrator Potential of LY4100511 (DC-853) on Midazolam, Repaglinide, Digoxin, Rosuvastatin in Healthy Participants A Phase 1, Single-center, Open-label, Fixed-sequence, Crossover Study to Evaluate the Effect of LY4100511 (DC-853) on the Single-dose Pharmacokinetics of Midazolam, Repaglinide, Digoxin, and Rosuvastatin in Healthy Participants The main purpose of this study is to assess the safety and tolerability and pharmacokinetics of LY4100511 (DC-853) when administered alone or in the presence of cytochrome P450 substrates in healthy participants. Inclusion Criteria: * Females must be of childbearing potential * Males must agree to use contraception * Have body mass index (BMI) between 18.0 and 32.0 kilogram/square meter (kg/m²), inclusive, and a body weight of greater than or equal to 50 kg. * In good health, as determined by no clinically significant findings from medical history, 12-lead ECG and vital signs measurements, and clincial laboratory evaluations (congentical nonhemolytic hyperbilirubinemia) at screening and check-in, and from the physical examination at check-in as assessed by the investigator. Exclusion Criteria: * Have a 12-lead ECG abnormality that, in the opinion of the investigator, * increases the risks associated with participating in the study * may confound ECG data analysis * a QTCF \>450 msec for males, or \>470 msec for females * short PR interval \<120 msec or PR interval \>220 msec * second or third degree atrioventricular block * intraventricular conduction delay with QRS \>120 msec * complete right bundle branch block * left bundle branch block, or * Wolff Parkinson-White syndrome. * Have had current or recent acute infection * Show evidence of active or latent tuberculosis (TB) * Had any surgical procedures within 12 weeks prior to screening or any planned surgical procedure scheduled to occur during the study. * Have a history or presence of multiple or severe allergies, or an anaphylactic reaction to prescription or non prescription drugs. * Are immunocompromised * Presence of active suicidal ideation or positive suicide behavior using baseline/screening version of the C-SSRS
Trial of Oral Glutamine on Mitochondrial Function in CKD Randomized Cross-over Trial of Oral L-Glutamine vs Maltodextrin on Mitochondrial Function in Chronic Kidney Disease The primary goal of proposed investigation is to study the impact of oral glutamine supplementation on muscle mitochondrial and endothelial cell function measured mitochondrial energetics and vascular function using 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy and optical spectroscopy (MRS/OS) among persons with moderate-severe CKD. The secondary objective is to describe the impact of oral glutamine supplementation on mitochondrial metabolic profile as well as inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers among persons with chronic kidney disease. Chronic kidney disease is associated with endothelial cell dysfunction and muscle wasting contributing to the heightened risk of cardiovascular morbidity, mortality and functional limitation. Accumulation of toxins in renal disease may adversely impact endothelial cell nitric oxide bioavailability and endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase (eNOS) function consequently heightening oxidative stress and suppressing mitochondrial biogenesis. To date no studies have investigated potential therapies for endothelial and muscle dysfunction in renal disease target mitochondrial metabolic and energetic processes. Animal studies of uremia underscore mitochondrial dysfunction as a potential precursor for endothelial dysfunction. In particular, uremia has been linked to a proteomic signature indicative of metabolic blockage of TCA cycle activity and fatty acid beta-oxidation. Both of these processes are localized to the mitochondria and may suggest that decreased mitochondrial mass or function may augur endothelial dysfunction in renal disease. Glutamine, an anaplerotic agent and precursor to the antioxidant glutathione, is a potential therapeutic agent bypassing the metabolic block associated with reduced TCA cycle and improving antioxidant reserve. The primary goal of proposed investigation is to study the impact of oral glutamine supplementation on muscle mitochondrial and endothelial cell function measured mitochondrial energetics and vascular function using 31P MRS/OS among persons with moderate-severe CKD. The secondary objective is to describe the impact of oral glutamine supplementation on mitochondrial metabolic profile as well as inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers among persons with chronic kidney disease. Inclusion Criteria: * Adults between 20 and 69 years of age * Diagnosis of moderate-severe CKD, defined in this study as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of ≤60ml/min/1.73m2 using the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equation * Ability to understand and provide informed consent to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * On chronic dialysis * Expectation to start dialysis within 6 months or dialysis access in place. * Pregnant * Have physical immobility (defined by wheelchair use) * Insulin dependent diabetes * Have implants incompatible with MRI * Exercise limiting cardiopulmonary disease (e.g. angina, severe heart valve disease, severe COPD, coronary ischemia) * Use of anticoagulation (i.e. warfarin) * Baseline systolic blood pressure \>160 or diastolic blood pressure \>100 * Inflammatory conditions (e.g. autoimmune disease, HIV) * Thyroid disease * Dementia or inability to consent * Cirrhosis, active/chronic hepatitis * Use medications interfering with muscle or mitochondrial function, including steroids, anti-psychotic, Coenzyme Q-10, immunosuppresssives, antivirals, and muscle relaxants * Weight \>300 lbs * Personal history or family history of deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism * Active malignancy * Patients hospitalized within the past 60 days for any reason. * Patients with a history of a major atherosclerotic event (defined as combined incidence of myocardial infarction, urgent target-vessel revascularization, coronary bypass surgery, and stroke) within 3 months
Trial Comparing Calendula Officinalis With Aqueous Cream "Essex" to Treat Skin Reactions From Radiotherapy of Breast Cancer Randomized, Blinded Phase III Trial Comparing Calendula Officinalis Cream With Standard Aqueous Cream "Essex" for Treatment of Skin Reactions Caused by Postoperative Radiotherapy of Breast Cancer Acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) occur in the majority of patients undergoing postoperative radiotherapy (RT). Some patients experience more severe reactions such as dry and/or moist desquamation but most patients experience mild reactions e.g. erythema (Lopez et al., 2005). The radiation dose, volume, RT technique and previous treatment, such as type of surgery and previous chemotherapy, are factors that might impact on the risk for ARSR together with patient-related factors such as body mass index (BMI), smoking status and previous skin damage (Porock et al., 1998; Wells et al., 2004). In a pilot study (n=93) of the frequency of ARSR in patients with breast cancer who underwent adjuvant RT it was shown that 93% developed ARSR, mostly mild reactions. Patients reported low scores on pain and itching (Sharp et al., 2011). Over 80% of the patients reported adherence to the skin care recommendations which included application of a thin layer of Essex® cream, a non-perfumed aqueous cream, on the irradiated area at least two times a day (Sharp et al., 2011). The effects of skin care products containing Calendula Officinalis (marigold plant) on ARSR in patients with breast cancer were investigated in a randomized clinical trial (Pommier et al., 2004). Patients in the experimental group, treated with calendula cream had a statistically significant lower incidence of severe ARSR, pain and treatment interruptions in comparison with the patients in the control group, treated with trolamine. The purpose of this blinded, randomized clinical trial is to compare two topical agents, Calendula Weleda® cream and Essex® cream, in terms of efficacy to reduce the risk of severe acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) in relation to adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer. Patients were instructed to apply a thin layer of the assigned cream twice a day, starting at the onset of RT and continue until two weeks after termination, or until the ARSR is healed. The application should include the whole treatment area including the armpit and shoulder/back area in patients treated with modified radical mastectomy. Patients are also advised to not apply the cream within two hours before the RT in order to avoid possible build-up effect. Daily wash with perfume free soap and tap water are recommended and patients are advised to refrain from use of other topical agents in the irradiated area. The primary endpoint is the efficacy to reduce acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR), assessed with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group/The Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Acute Radiation Morbidity Scoring Criteria (RTOG/EORTC scale) at follow-up. Secondary endpoints include patient reported outcome measures; Quality of Life Questionnaire (QLQ-C30), Sleep disturbances (MOS-sleep questionnaire) and symptoms experienced from the irradiated area (visual analogue scale). Patients' experiences and adherence to the topical agents are also evaluated. A total of 400 patients are required to detect a true absolute reduction in the proportion of patients with ARSR, from 35% with standard treatment (Essex® cream) to 20% with the experimental treatment (Calendula Weleda® cream), with a significance level of 5% a power of 90%. With this sample size, 95% confidence intervals for the difference in proportions are estimated to be in the order of ±10%. Assuming a rate of 5% of non-responders, the target size has been set to 420 patients. Inclusion Criteria: * radically operated for breast cancer, * aged 18 years or older, * signed informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * previous radiation in the same area, * severe general health problems, * ECOG performance status \> 3, * reduced cognitive ability, * allergy to marigold plant
Local Infiltration With Ropivacaine Improves Postoperative Pain Control in Patients Local Infiltration With Ropivacaine Improves Postoperative Pain Control in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy: a Prospective, Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Double-blind Trial The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effect of pain relief after infusion of ropivacaine at port sites at end of laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC)compared with placebo (0.9% normal saline). Patients were randomly assigned to two groups, On Day 1,each subject was to undergo laparoscopic cholecystectomy under general anesthesia. Anesthesia will be induced with fentanly (2-4ug/kg), propofol TCI (4ug/ml), rocuronium (0.6mg/kg), and maintaine with remifentanly(0.1-0.3ug/kg.h) , and propofol TCI (3-5ug/ml). At the end of the operation before wound closure, patients were randomized 1:1 to receive ropivacaine or placebo. In study group all wounds were infiltrated with 0.75% ropivacaine 14ml at port sites before wound closure(6ml for epigastric port ,6ml for umbilical port ,and 4ml for working port) . The study drugs will be applied to the skin, subcutis, fascia, and parietal peritoneum through the port sites at the end of surgery. All anesthetics will be stopped when wound infiltration completed. Patients will be send to PACU for monitor a while then back to ward. Record of pain intensity evaluation and rescue analgesic medication consumption were to continue through 48hours after administration of study drug. Pain intensity will be assessed by using a 0-10 point VAS scale. VAS-rest and VAS-coughing were recorded at the baseline ,2,4,6,8,12,18,24,48 hours. Postoperative Rescue analgesia consisit of Parecoxib Sodium 40mg be given by a nurse on requst of the subject to a maximum of 80mg per day. Inclusion Criteria: * Female or male, and any race, Age≥18 years at the screening visite. * ASA physical status I to II. * Scheduled to undergo laparoscopic cholecystectomy under general anesthesia. * Famale subjects must be without pregnancy. * Ability to provide informed consent, adhere to the study visite schedule, and complete all study assessments. Exclusion Criteria: * Boss mass index \>35kg/㎡ * Under intravertebral anesthesia and/or epidural analgesia * Under postoperatived patient-controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) and postoperative intravenous analgesia(PCIA). * Inability to understand and use the visual analog scale (VAS) * Currently pregnant,nursing,or planning to become pregnant during the study or within one month after study drug administration. * Chronic user of analgesic medications, including taking opioid medications for more than 14 days in the last 3months,or non-opioid pain medications more than 5 times per week. * Proven or suspected allergy to local anesthetics ,NSAIDs and opioids . * Use of any NSAIDs including selective COX-2 inhibitor , opioids or other analgesic agents within 3days of surgery. * History of suspected or known addiction to or abuse of drugs or alcohol within the past 2 years. * Current acute or chronic medical or major psychiatric disease that,in the opinion of the investigator ,would interfere with the evaluation of study drug efficacy or safety. * Any other subjects were not suitable to this study in the opinion of the investigator.
Tele-Assessment and Face-to-Face Evaluation of Balance in MS The Agreement Between Face-to-Face and Tele-Assessment of Balance Tests in Patient With Multiple Sclerosis MS is characterized by clinical symptoms caused by lesions of the brain, spinal cord, or optic nerves that can affect balance, gait, and risk of falls. 50-80% of patients with MS have different levels of balance-related pathological findings. In addition, the imbalance is one of the most complained about findings by MS patients. Balance and postural control disorders are the most common signs in patients with cerebellar tract damage. Many patients have reported problems with balance and gait causing serious disability. Therefore, disorders of balance and postural control in patients with MS are associated with difficulty in standing and performing functional activities. Effective quantitative methods are needed to assess postural imbalance to help clinicians assess the progression of this disorder. Current literature suggests that home tele-rehabilitation and tele-medicine practices may be an alternative method effective enough to be equivalent to face-to-face physiotherapy treatments for patients with Ms. The advantages of Tele-medicine over normal care include increased social support, participant engagement, quality of care, cost-effectiveness, access to services (due to lack of transportation), and reducing the burden on healthcare professionals to make services easier to deploy. In cases such as Pandemic conditions, where face-to-face service is disrupted in clinics, tele-rehabilitation can be applied as a suitable alternative treatment method accessible to patients. The effectiveness of Tele-rehabilitation raises the question of whether tele-evaluation is as effective and accurate as in the clinic. Studies examining the effectiveness of Tele-assesment are still insufficient. The study is planned to address this deficiency. The aim of this study is to compare the results of MS patients by applying valid and reliable methods used in balance assessment with face-to-face and online access methods, thereby investigating the effectiveness of balance assessment through online access. The hypothesis in this study is that the results of the balance assessment with online access in MS patients will be consistent with the results of the balance assessment conducted face-to-face. H0: Tele-assessments of balance do not give the same results as face-to-face balance assessments in MS patients. H1: Tele-assessments of balance do not give the same results as face-to-face balance assessments in MS patients. Voluntary patients who have been diagnosed with MS will be included in the study. Signed voluntary consent will be obtained from participants. Participants will be divided into two groups. Tele-assessment will be applied to one group first, and face-to-face assessment will be applied to the other group first. Inclusion Criteria: * 18-65 years * Patients diagnosed with MS according to McDonald diagnostic criteria with an EDSS score of 0-6 * Internet presence in the environment where they will perform the evaluation * Having an internet-based technological tool or having access to this tool * Having someone to accompany the patient during the evaluation * Agree to participate in the study * Ability to understand and speak Turkish Exclusion Criteria: * Having had a new attack in the last 3 months * Use high-dose corticosteroid therapy in the last 2 weeks * Presence of orthopedic problems/problems that can cause balance problems * Having cognitive disorders that will prevent him from communicating * Having a level of visual and auditory problems that will prevent communication
Isotonic Solutions and Major Adverse Renal Events Trial in the Non-Medical Intensive Care Unit (SMART-SURG) Isotonic Solutions and Major Adverse Renal Events Trial in Non-Medical Intensive Care Units The administration of intravenous fluids is ubiquitous in the care of the critically ill. Commonly available isotonic crystalloid solutions contain a broad spectrum electrolyte compositions including a range chloride concentrations. Recent studies have associated solutions with supraphysiologic chloride content with hyperchloremia, metabolic acidosis and renal vasoconstriction, acute kidney injury and renal replacement therapy, and increased mortality but no large, randomized-controlled trials have been conducted. SMART-SURG will be a large, cluster-randomized, multiple-crossover trial enrolling critically ill patients from the non-medical ICUs at Vanderbilt University from October 2015 until April 2017. The primary endpoint will be the incidence of Major Adverse Kidney Events in 30 days after enrollment (MAKE30 is the composite of death, new renal replacement, or persistent renal dysfunction at discharge). SMART-SURG is a large, cluster-randomized, multiple-crossover trial of 0.9% saline versus physiologically-balanced isotonic crystalloids (Lactated Ringers or Plasma-Lyte© A) with regard to the incidence of major adverse kidney events by 30 days in patients admitted to non-medical intensive care units. All patients admitted to participating non-medical intensive care units at Vanderbilt University medical center who are 18 years or older will be enrolled. The study will occur in one-month blocks. Each participating ICU will be randomized to an initial fluid group (0.9% saline or physiologically balanced isotonic crystalloids). The assigned fluid will be used exclusively for all patients receiving isotonic crystalloid for the duration of the month-long block (except in the presence of pre-specified contraindications). The assigned study fluid will switch at the end of each month-long block such that half of the months are assigned to 0.9% saline and half of the months to physiologically balance fluid. The primary endpoint will be major adverse kidney events by 30 days (MAKE30 is the composite of death, new renal replacement therapy, or persistent renal dysfunction at discharge). All aspects of study design, intervention, and data collection will be harmonized with an ongoing, independent study addressing the same question in the medical intensive care unit at Vanderbilt University during a similar study period (SMART-MED). A pre-specified data analysis plan will dictate the harmonized analysis of SMART-MED and SMART-SURG. Inclusion Criteria: * Admitted to a participating non-medical intensive care unit (ICU) at Vanderbilt University Medical Center Exclusion Criteria: * Age\<18 years old
Study of CB-103 in Adult Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumours and Haematological Malignancies A Phase I/IIA, Multi-Centre, Open-Label, Dose-Escalation Study With Expansion Arms to Assess the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Preliminary Efficacy of CB-103 Administered Orally in Adult Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumours and Haematological Malignancies Characterised by Alterations of the NOTCH Signalling Pathway This is a phase I/II, non randomized, open-label, dose escalation study to investigate the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of CB-103. This Phase I/IIA, open label, multicenter, dose escalation study of CB-103 in patients with Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumours and Haematological Malignancies. After providing signed informed consent, patients will be screened for entry into the study. The study will be conducted in 2 stages: dose escalation in Part A of the study (Phase I) followed by dose expansion in Part B (Phase IIA). Escalation cohorts will receive repeat doses of CB-103 to determine the MTD and RP2D. CB-103 will be administered orally in treatment cycles of 28-days each. Aim of the expansion Phase IIA, Part B of the study will be to collect preliminary evidence of anti-tumour activity. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Disease * Patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed solid tumours (breast cancer (triple negative breast cancer \[TNBC\], ER+/-, HER2+/-), gastrointestinal (GI) cancers (resistant to oxaliplatin or irinotecan-based therapy colorectal cancer \[CRC\]), osteosarcoma, adenoid cystic carcinoma (ACC), and malignant glomus tumour) that are surgically unresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic and whose disease has progressed on at least one line of systemic therapy (with the exception of ACC patients who are allowed to be systemic treatment-naïve) and for whom no established therapeutic alternatives exist. Any other solid cancer (including lymphoma) with a confirmed NOTCH1-4 activating mutation or genetic lesion. * Relapsed or refractory (r/r) T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (T-ALL) or lymphoma (T-LBL) with a confirmed NOTCH pathway activation. Refractory patients are defined as T-ALL/T-LBL patients with ≥ 5% bone marrow blasts, and/or concomitant extramedullary involvement, who have not achieved a CR after standard induction/consolidation therapy attempt. 2. Demography: men and women ≥ 18 years old 3. Adequate organ function and laboratory results 4. Adequate contraceptive measures 5. Signed informed consent EXCLUSION CRITERIA 1. Medical History 1. Patients with symptomatic CNS metastases (neurologically unstable or requiring increasing doses of steroids to control their CNS disease) 2. Hypersensitivity to any of the excipients of CB-103 3. Patients with unresolved nausea, vomiting, or diarrhoea of CTCAE grade \> 1 4. Impairment of GI function or presence of GI disease that may significantly alter the absorption of CB-103 5. History of second or other primary cancer with the exception of: * Curatively treated non-melanomatous skin cancer * Curatively treated cervical cancer or breast carcinoma in situ * Other primary solid tumour treated with curative intent and no known active disease present and no treatment administered during the last 2 years. 2. Exclusionary concurrent medical conditions Impaired cardiac function or clinically significant cardiac diseases. 3. Prior Therapy * In patients with solid tumours cytotoxic chemotherapy within 3 weeks * In T-ALL/T-LBL patients, prior anticancer therapy less than 2 weeks prior to starting therapy or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) with exceptions. * Radiation therapy within 2 weeks of scheduled CB-103 dosing day 1 * Immunotherapy, biological therapies, targeted small molecules, hormonal therapies within 3 weeks of scheduled CB-103 dosing day 1 * Unresolved toxicity CTCAE grade \> 1 from previous anti-cancer therapy or radiotherapy (excluding neurotoxicity, alopecia, ototoxicity, lymphopenia), or incomplete recovery from previous surgery.
Neuromodulation and Language Acquisition (Project Stage Ia) Improved Language Acquisition Through Neuromodulation, Project Stage Ia The purpose of this study is to determine whether levodopa, pergolid, rivastigmine, or modafinil are effective in boosting semantic language acquisition in healthy subjects. Our prior work shows that d-amphetamine and the dopamine precursor levodopa markedly improve word learning success in healthy subjects. In this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial, we probe whether a mixed d1/d2 dopamine agonist (pergolid) or cholinergic neuromodulation (rivastigmine) or a general centrally arousing substance (modafinil) will yield a learning enhancement comparable to using levodopa in healthy subjects. Our results show that the dopamine agonist pergolide impaired learning in healthy subjects compared to placebo, whereas cholinergic neuromodulation had no effect. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy subjects * 20-35 years old * Right handedness * Left language dominance (as assessed by functional transcranial Doppler ultrasonography \[fTCD\]) Exclusion Criteria: * Neurological/psychiatric/metabolic/cardiac disorders * Asthma * Known allergic reactions to one of the experimental drugs * Other drugs affecting the central nervous system * Leisure drug ingestion during the past 4 weeks (urine test) * Smoking cessation during the past 2 weeks * \> 6 cups of coffee or energy drinks per day * \> 10 cigarettes per day * \> 50 grams of alcohol per day
Evaluation of NoL Index and ANI After Nociceptive Stimulation at Different Infusion Rates of Remifentanil Infusion Evaluation of NoL Index and ANI Variations After Nociceptive Stimulation Under Different Rates of Infusion of Intravenous Remifentanil in Patients Undergoing Laparotomies With Intraoperative Epidural Analgesia Contrary to "immobility" and, to a lesser extent, to the "hypnosis/unconsciousness" component of general anaesthesia, the monitoring of "analgesia" remains largely elusive, evaluated mainly through poorly sensitive and potentially undesirable changes in patients' vital signs. This has led the industry to pursue the development of various devices and indices based on other physiological parameters such as heart rate variability (HRV), electroencephalogram (EEG), skin conductance, to name only a few. To the best of the knowledge, none of these parameters on its own has shown sufficient capacity in detecting different degrees of pain/analgesia balance to gain wide clinical use. The purpose of this prospective observational study is to evaluate the response of a single-parameter index (the Analgesia Nociception Index \[ANI\]) and a multi-parameter index (the Nociception Level \[NoL\] Index) when patients under combined general anaesthesia/epidural anaesthesia for laparotomies are subjected to a standardized painful stimulus (a tetanic stimulation over the ulnar nerve at 70 mA, 100 Hz for 30 seconds) at different doses of remifentanil infusion at steady state (0,005 mcg/kg/min; 0,05 mcg/kg/min; 0,1 mcg/kg/min; 0,15 mcg/kg/min). With the painful stimulus held constant but the analgesia provided gradually increased, it is expected to characterize the response of these two indices to different levels of nociception/anti-nociception balance. Patients scheduled for elective abdominal surgery by laparotomy (general surgery or gynaecological surgery) will receive a thoracic epidural (around T9-T10/T10-T11) and general anesthesia. Apart from standard monitoring, the ANI (derived from the EKG) and the NoL index (obtained via a finger probe) will be recorded. The epidural catheter will be injected with 6-10 ml of lidocaine 2% with epinephrine 5 mcg/ml to produce anesthetic level of neuraxial blocade and then be perfused with the same solution at 4-8 ml/hour. After incision and confirmation of adequate blocade with the epidural local anesthetic, the patient will receive a series of painful electric stimulation with a standard nerve stimulator applied over the ulnar nerve in tetanic mode for 30 seconds at 100 Hz and 70mA. Each stimulation will occur at a different rate of infusion of IV remifentanil at steady state (0,005 mcg/kg/min; 0,05 mcg/kg/min; 0,1 mcg/kg/min; 0,15 mcg/kg/min). A stimulation at 0,005 mcg/kg/min will be done before and after epidural loading with local anesthetics to look for altered variations in analysed parameters. The variation and the kinetic of the variations after stimulations will be observed for heart rate, mean blood pressure, BIS, ANI and NoL index. Inclusion Criteria: * ASA status I, II or III * Elective abdominal surgery with median laparotomy under general anaesthesia and epidural analgesia. Exclusion Criteria: * Coronary artery disease * Serious cardiac arrhythmias (including atrial fibrillation) * Patient refusal * History of substance abuse * Chronic use of psychotropic and/or opioid drugs * Use of drugs that act on the autonomic nervous system (including β-blockers) * History of psychiatric diseases or psychological problems * Contraindications to epidural analgesia * Allergy to remifentanil * Unexpected difficult airway requesting excessive, possibly painful airway manipulations. * Dural puncture during epidural catheter installation * Failure of epidural analgesia * Surgical unexpected complications requiring strong haemodynamic support (transfusions, vasopressors, inotropes)
Safety and Tolerability of TAR-302-5018 in Subjects With Idiopathic Overactive Bladder A Prospective, Multi-center, Open-label Study of Trospium Delivered Intravesically by TAR-302-5018 to Subjects With Idiopathic Overactive Bladder (iOAB) and Urinary Incontinence The purpose of this study is to determine if TAR-302-5018, an investigational drug-delivery system, is safe and tolerable in patients with idiopathic overactive bladder and urinary incontinence. Inclusion Criteria (Part 1): 1. Symptoms of overactive bladder (OAB) (frequency/urgency) with urge urinary incontinence or mixed urinary incontinence with a predominant urge component for at least 6 months * 8 or more voids per 24 hours as recorded in a diary * At least 4 incontinence episodes associated with urgency recorded in a 3-day diary. * At least 1 episode must occur per each 24 hour day 2. Inadequate response or limiting side effects with anticholinergics for the treatment of OAB Exclusion Criteria (Part 1): 1. Age \<18 years. 2. OAB caused by neurological condition. 3. Presence of significant renal dysfunction at screening (Glomerular Filtration Rate \<30 mL/min). 4. Presence of significant polyuria of any cause at screening (urine output \>4,000 mL/day). 5. History of pelvic radiation. 6. History of either bladder cancer or bladder pathology that the investigator deems unfit for study inclusion. 7. Active malignancies within 12 months with the exception of those with a negligible risk of metastasis or death treated with expected curative outcome. 8. Subjects with any bladder or urethral anatomic feature that may prevent the safe placement, indwelling use, or removal of TAR 302 5018. 9. In the opinion of the investigator, the subject has a history of significant stress urinary incontinence. 10. Subjects with active bladder stones or history of bladder stones \<6 months prior to study entry. 11. History of recurrent symptomatic urinary tract infections (UTIs) (\>4 per 1 year). 12. Subjects with either urinary retention or gastric retention or uncontrolled narrow-angle glaucoma. 13. A post-void residual volume (PVR) of 300 mL or greater 14. Subjects with known hypersensitivity to trospium, chemically-related drugs, or component excipients. 15. Subjects with known hypersensitivity to the device materials, including silicone and nitinol. 16. Subjects actively taking oral trospium. 17. The addition of a new or a change in dose to a current medication for the treatment of OAB (i.e. anticholinergics, beta-3 adrenergic agonists, antispasmodics, antidepressants, or hormones) within 30 days prior to signing the informed consent form (ICF). A stable dose must continue through the final study visit. If previously used and discontinued, these medications must have been stopped for \>2 weeks prior to Day 0. 18. Intravesical onabotulinum toxin use within the last 9 months prior to the Screening Visit. 19. Intravesical anticholinergic medications within the last 30 days prior to the Screening Visit. 20. History of non-medication based therapy (i.e. InterStim therapy) for the treatment of OAB. History of non-invasive neuromodulation (i.e. Percutaneous Tibial Nerve Stimulation (PTNS)) is allowed if discontinued at least 8 weeks prior to Study Day 0. 21. Female subject who is pregnant (as verified by urine test at time of screening) or lactating or of childbearing potential and not using acceptable methods of contraception. 22. Subject has a medical condition that may cause noncompliance with the study protocol. 23. Subject refuses to provide written informed consent. 24. Subject will be unable or unwilling to complete the questionnaires, diaries, or attend all protocol mandated study visits. 25. Participation in another drug, device, or behavioral study within 60 days prior to the Screening Visit. 26. History or presence of any significant cardiovascular, pulmonary, hepatic, renal, gastrointestinal, gynecological, endocrine, immunological, dermatological, neurological or psychiatric disease or disorder that, in the opinion of the investigator, contraindicates participation. 27. History of any of the following within 3 months prior to Screening Visit: * Major illness/major surgery (requiring hospitalization), including pelvic, lower back surgery or procedure unrelated to bladder cancer; most outpatient procedures are not exclusionary * Renal or ureteral stone disease or instrumentation * Childbirth 28. Difficulty providing blood samples. 29. Other unspecified reasons that, in the opinion of the investigator or TARIS, make the subject unsuitable for enrollment. Inclusion Criteria (Part 2): 1. Symptoms of idiopathic overactive bladder (iOAB) (frequency/urgency) with urge urinary incontinence or mixed urinary incontinence with a predominant urge component for at least 6 months. * 8 or more voids per 24 hours as recorded in a diary * At least 4 incontinence episodes associated with urgency recorded in a 3-day diary. 1. At least 1 episode must occur per each 24 hour day 2. In the opinion of the investigator, the subject has experienced an inadequate response to or limiting side effects with prior oral medications for the treatment of OAB. Exclusion Criteria (Part 2): 1. Age \<18 years. 2. Neurologic bladder condition. 3. Subjects with Diabetes Mellitus (both Type 1 \& Type 2) must demonstrate optimal glycemic control with HbA1c levels \< 7.5 % and an absence of significant glucosuria defined as 3+ glucose via dipstick at screening. 4. Presence of significant polyuria of any cause at screening (urine output \>3,000 mL/day). 5. Presence of nocturnal polyuria at time of study screening defined as \>30% of total 24-hour urine collected from time of evening (P.M.) sleep and inclusive of the first morning (A.M.) void. 6. History of pelvic irradiation. 7. History of either bladder cancer or bladder pathology that the investigator deems unfit for study inclusion. 8. Currently uses intermittent catheterization (IC) to empty the bladder within 30 days of Day 0. 9. Subjects with any bladder or urethral anatomic feature (e.g., urethral stricture) that in the opinion of the investigator may prevent the safe placement, indwelling use, or removal of IP. 10. Subjects with active bladder stones or history of bladder stones \< 6 months prior to study entry. 11. Gross hematuria within 30 days of Day 0. 12. History of uncontrolled bleeding, bleeding diathesis, or underlying coagulopathy within 30 days of Day 0. 13. In the opinion of the investigator, the subject has a history of predominance of significant stress urinary incontinence. 14. History of \> 2 symptomatic urinary tract infections in the 6-months prior to Day 0. 15. Subjects with either urinary retention or gastric retention or uncontrolled narrow-angle glaucoma within 90 days of Day 0. 16. A post-void residual volume (PVR) of 100-mL or greater. 17. Subjects with known hypersensitivity to trospium, chemically-related drugs, or component excipients. 18. Subjects with known hypersensitivity to the device materials, including silicone and nitinol. 19. Anticholinergic or beta-3 agonist use for the treatment of urge urinary incontinence \< 2 weeks prior to Day 0. 20. History of intravesical onabotulinum toxin use within the last 9 months prior to the Screening Visit. 21. Intravesical anticholinergic medications within the last 14 days prior to the Screening Visit. 22. History of procedural-based neuromodulation therapy (e.g. InterStim therapy, Percutaneous Tibial Nerve Stimulation \[PTNS\]) for the treatment of OAB. 23. Female subject who is pregnant (as verified by serum test at time of screening) or lactating. 24. Subject has, in the opinion of the investigator, a medical condition that may cause noncompliance with the study protocol. 25. Subject who is unable or unwilling to complete the questionnaires, diaries, or attend all protocol mandated study visits. 26. Participation in another drug, device, or behavioral study within 60 days prior to the Screening Visit. 27. History or presence of any significant cardiovascular, pulmonary, hepatic, renal, gastrointestinal, gynecological, endocrine, immunological, dermatological, neurological or psychiatric disease or disorder, or other unspecified reasons that, in the opinion of the investigator or TARIS, make the subject unsuitable for enrollment. 28. History of any of the following within 3 months prior to Screening Visit: i. Major illness/major surgery (requiring hospitalization), including pelvic, lower back surgery or procedure; most outpatient procedures are not exclusionary. ii. Childbirth. 29. History of prostatic biopsy or surgery (ablative or non-ablative) within 6 months prior to Day 0. 30. History of significant pelvic organ prolapse (Grade \>/= 3). 31. Difficulty providing blood samples. 32. Known history of drug or alcohol dependency within 12 months of screening. 33. Other unspecified reasons that, in the opinion of the investigator or TARIS, make the subject unsuitable for enrollment.
A Study to Assess the Pharmacokinetics of Lanthanum Carbonate, Investigate and Compare the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Lanthanum Carbonate With Calcium Carbonate in Hyperphosphataemic Children and Adolescents With Chronic Kidney Disease on Dialysis A 3-part Open-label Study to Assess the Pharmacokinetics of Lanthanum Carbonate, Compare the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of 8 Weeks of Treatment With Lanthanum Carbonate and Calcium Carbonate Using a Crossover Design and Investigate the Efficacy and Safety of 8 Months of Treatment With Lanthanum Carbonate in Hyperphosphataemic Children and Adolescents Aged 10 Years to <18 Years With Chronic Kidney Disease on Dialysis The purpose of this study is to summarize the percentage of participants achieving age-specific Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (KDOQI) targets for serum phosphorus in hyperphosphatemic children and adolescents with chronic kidney disease (CKD) who are on dialysis, following 8 weeks of treatment with lanthanum carbonate. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Aged 10 years to less than (\<) 18 years of age at the time of consent. 2. Participant or parent/legally authorized representative (LAR) understand and are able, willing, and likely to fully comply with the study procedures and restrictions defined in this protocol. 3. Male, or non-pregnant, non-lactating female who agrees to comply with any applicable contraceptive requirements of the protocol. 4. Established chronic kidney disease (CKD), on dialysis, and requires treatment for hyperphosphatemia with a phosphate binder. 5. Serum phosphorus levels after a washout period of up to 3 weeks as follows: Age \<12 years: Serum phosphorus greater than (\>) 6.0 mg/dL (1.94 mmol/L); Age 12 years and older: Serum phosphorus \>5.5mg/dL (1.78mmol/L). 6. Ability to provide written, signed and dated (personally or via an LAR) informed consent/and assent, as applicable, to participate in the study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Current or recurrent disease (example \[eg\], cardiovascular, liver, unstable and uncontrolled gastrointestinal, malignancy, or other conditions) other than CKD or end-stage renal disease that could affect the action, absorption or disposition of the investigational product, or clinical or laboratory assessments. 2. Current or relevant history of physical or psychiatric illness, any medical disorder (except for CKD or end-stage renal disease and related co-morbidities) that may require treatment or make the participant unlikely to fully complete the study, or any condition that presents undue risk from the investigational product or procedures. 3. Unable to eat semi-solid foods or on Total Enteral Alimentation. 4. Known or suspected intolerance or hypersensitivity to the investigational product(s), closely related compounds, or any of the stated ingredients. 5. History of alcohol or other substance abuse within the last year. 6. Current use of any medication (including over-the-counter, herbal, or homeopathic preparations) that could affect (improve or worsen) the condition being studied, or could affect the action, absorption, or disposition of the investigational product(s), or clinical or laboratory assessment. 7. Weight and age of participant are outside of local applicable criteria for blood sample volume limits. 8. Use of another investigational product within 30 days prior to receiving the first dose of investigational product.
Cannabidiol for Anxiety Prospective Evaluation of Cannabidiol (CBD) on Anxiety: A Pilot Study This pilot trial seeks to investigate the effect of 25 mg full-spectrum CBD soft gel capsules (up to a total dosage of 100mg per day) on individuals with diagnosed anxiety. All participants will take CBD soft gel capsules for 12 weeks, and will be assessed at 6 weeks and 12 weeks post-enrollment using measures of anxiety, sleep and perception of change. 1. Male or female patients 18 years of age or older with a GAD-7 score of 10 or greater 2. Presenting to a participating clinic for initial evaluation for a medical cannabis card 3. Willingness to abstain from the use of all other cannabis products for the trial period (3 months) 4. Not pregnant or planning to become pregnant during the trial period (3 months) 5. Not breastfeeding or planning to breastfeed during the trial period (3 months) 6. No history of cannabis use within 4 weeks of enrollment 7. No history of lifetime cannabis use disorder or other substance use disorders (except: tobacco use disorder) 8. No history of lifetime daily cannabis use 9. No family history of psychosis (e.g., bipolar disorder or schizophrenia) 10. No history of adverse reactions to cannabis 11. No recent changes to prescribed anxiety medications (within the last 1 month) 12. Provision of informed consent
Validity and Reliability of The 3-Meter Backward Walk Test in Individuals With Lower Limb Amputation Validity of 3 Meter Backward Test in Individuals With Amputations Clinicians are routinely required to make decisions about fall risk among lower limb prosthesis users. For these decisions, clinicians should use valid, reliable, quantitative, and multidimensional measures of balance test for individuals with lower-limb amputations. The objective of this study was therefore to establish, validity and reliability for 3 meter backward tests administered to established unilateral lower-limb amputations. This study included a total of 30 lower limb amputees \[age (18-65) years\]. 3 Meter Backward Walking Test, Rivermead Mobility Index, Timed Up and Go test (TUG) was applied to the patients. The second evaluation (retest) was carried out by the same physiotherapist two days following the first evaluation (test) in order to measure test-retest reliability. Lower limb amputees (LLA) were recruited from local prosthetic clinics. The inclusion criteria were as follows: unilateral transtibial or transfemoral amputation due to traumatic, dysvascular, or oncologic causes, 18 years of age or older, one or more years of using a prosthesis (i.e., established users), and could walk independently for minimum 10 m). Patients unable to ambulate at least 10 m without an upper extremity assistive device (e.g., cane), have an orthopedic or neurological disease that might influence balance, with complications to their contralateral leg (e.g., joint replacement, arthritis, or wounds), have the severe vision and hearing impairment, amputation of a second limb and individuals with stump wounds and gait problems were not enrolled in the research. This study was conducted as a "test-retest" design and the psychometric properties of the 3-m backward walk test were examined in LLA. The Rivermead Mobility Index, 3-m backward walk test, Berg Balance Scale, Timed Up, and Go test was applied to the patients. An experienced physiotherapist performed all these tests. In order to measure test-retest reliability, the second evaluations (retest) were carried out by the same physiotherapist two days following the first evaluation (test). The same evaluator collected data in order to avoid the inter-rater variability error rate between the evaluations. The patient was evaluated at one time of the day for test and retest. Participants were asked to walk backward within the 3-meter distance marked with black bands on the floor. Participants were asked to walk backward as soon as possible with the "walk" command, to stop at the end of 3 meters, and the elapsed time was recorded in seconds. Individuals were allowed to look back if they wanted to. To prevent the individual from falling during walking backward and to support the individual, the physiotherapist who made the evaluation walked with an amputee. Measurements were made 3 times and the average time was recorded. During walking backward, there is a greater feeling of insecurity compared to walking forward and causes fear of falling. Therefore, the therapist stood approximately half a meter behind the patient during the test. Inclusion Criteria: * unilateral transtibial or transfemoral amputation due to traumatic, dysvascular, or oncologic causes, * 18 years of age or older, * one or more years of using a prosthesis (i.e., established users), * could walk independently for a minimum of 10 m). Exclusion Criteria: * ambulate at least 10 m without an upper extremity assistive device (e.g., cane), * have an orthopedic or neurological disease that might influence balance, * with complications to their contralateral leg (e.g., joint replacement, arthritis, or wounds), * have severe vision and hearing impairment, * amputation of a second limb and individuals with stump wounds and gait problems
An E-health Psychoeducation for People With Bipolar Disorders An E-health Psychoeducation Program to Manage Symptoms During COVID-19 Pandemic for People With Bipolar Disorders: a Randomized Controlled Study This study aims to present data on the improvement of Quality of life (QoL), biological rhythms, anxiety, depressive symptoms and the correlations between QoL and biorhythms following an e-health psychoeducational intervention for Bipolar Disoirder (BD) during Covid-19 pandemic Biological rhythms significantly impact individuals' quality of life (QoL). During the COVID-19 pandemic, social rhythm dysregulation was identified as a contributing factor to relapses in Bipolar Disorder (BD). This trial aims to present data on the efficacy of an e-health psychoeducational intervention for BD in improving anxiety, depressive symptoms, QoL, biological rhythms, and the correlations between QoL and biorhythms. This study employs a cross-over randomized controlled trial design. Inclusion criteria include a diagnosis of BD according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of mental disorders (DSM-V) criteria, age over 18, and obtaining informed consent. The intervention consists of e-health psychoeducation aimed at reducing distress levels associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the implemented restrictive measures (lockdown). The focus is on strategies to manage the dysregulation of biological rhythms, with one session per week over two months. Each session lasts approximately an hour and a half and is conducted by a team comprising psychologists, psychiatric rehabilitation technicians, and professional health educators. Inclusion Criteria: * diagnosis of BD according to DSM-V, over 18 years old Exclusion Criteria: * do not have bipolar disorder, refusal to participate in the study
Renal HYPODYSPLASIA : Genetic and Familial Assessment Renal HYPODYSPLASIA;Study of Familial Cases and Search for Predisposing Genes Evaluation of the frequency of familial cases of renal HYPODYSPLASIA DNA collection from the propositus and its family. A questionnaire will be filled by the parents to seek other affected individual in the family.With another affected member, DNA collection will be collected from the whole family. A renal ultrasound will be prescribed for the parents, brothers and sisters. Inclusion criteria : - Children aged more than 3 months and less than 18 years old with a renal bilateral HYPODYSPLASIA set by renal ultrasound examination : * renal size \< -2DS * with/or hyperechogenicity or lack of cortical-medullary differentiation * with/or renal cysts Exclusion criteria : * Bladder uropathy or sus-bladder uropathy * Recessive or dominant renal polycystic disease * Bardet-Biedl syndrome and other malformative syndromes except renal coloboma syndrome, Renal cysts and diabetes syndrome RCAD * Lack of written informed consent
Web-Based Follow-Up Using Cellular Phone in Type 1 Diabetic Patients Under Insulin Pump Therapy : The PumpNet Study Surveillance Des données De l'Autosurveillance glycémique Via Internet Et Le réseau téléphonique GSM Chez Le diabétique De Type 1 Sous Traitement Insulinique Par Pompe Externe : Etude Prospective randomisée PumpNet. The purpose of this study is to determine if telecare using modern telecommunication devices can improve the metabolic control and the quality of life of type 1 diabetic patients. We aim at comparing conventional follow-up of type 1 diabetic patients treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) (face-to-face visits) with an intensive coaching using the Web and the cellular phone network for data transmission and Short Message Service (SMS). This telecommunication device is called GlucoNet. The specific objectives are to measure the efficiency of GlucoNet in improving metabolic control, reducing health care costs and improving the quality of life of patients. Inclusion Criteria: * Type 1 diabetes mellitus * Age ≥ 18 * HbA1c between 7.5 and 10% * Treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion for a minimum of 3 months Exclusion Criteria: * Unstabilized diabetic microangiopathy * Ongoing pregnancy or planned pregnancy * Unwilling to perform a minimum of 4 capillary blood tests per day * Unable to use the GlucoNet device
Effect of Chlorhexidine Skin Cleansing on Skin Flora Effect of Chlorhexidine Skin Cleansing on Skin Flora of Newborn Infants in Bangladesh Given the potential of skin cleansing with chlorhexidine as a safe, feasible, and cost-effective intervention for reducing neonatal death in developing country settings, this study follows a trial already underway in Nepal to test the impact of a single cleansing of the skin with baby wipes cotaining chlorahexidine. This study is designed to test the impact of a single cleansing of the skin with 0.25% or 4.0% Chlorhexidine wipes on qualitative and quantitative skin flora and skin condition in newborn infants. The study takes place in the Special Care Nursery at Dhaka Shishu Hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Inclusion Criteria: * Infant admitted to Special Care Nursery at Dhaka Shishu Hospital less than 48 hours chronological age * parental consent must be obtained Exclusion Criteria: * infants being admitted for major surgical procedure which is attended by high rate of infectious complications * sepsis * clinically-evident skin infection * generalized skin disease * structural defect of the skin involving greater than 5% of the body surface * with a major congenital anomaly * with a known immunodeficiency
Integrated Neuromuscular Inhibition Versus Cervical and Scapular Stabilization Exercises on Myofascial Trigger Points of Upper Trapezius Integrated Neuromuscular Inhibition Versus Cervical and Scapular Stabilization Exercises on Myofascial Trigger Points of Upper Trapezius: Randomized Controlled Trial. This trial will involve three groups. The Integrated Neuromuscular Inhibition group will receive the integrated neuromuscular inhibition technique. The cervical and Scapular stabilization group will receive cervical and scapular stabilization exercises. The ultrasound group will receive ultrasound therapy Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with active trigger points in the upper trapezius for more than 2 weeks based on the Simons Criteria. * Age ranged from 18-25 years. * Pain intensity ≥ 3 on VAS. * Females and males. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients indicated for surgery. * Patients with symptomatic disc lesions. * Patients with rheumatological diseases or traumatic neck injury. * Patients injected with corticosteroids in the last 6 months.
Occlusal Relationship Assesment of Monolithic Zirconia FDPs Occlusal Relationship Assesment of Monolithic Zirconia Fixed Dental Prosthesis To analyze in vivo occlusal accuracy and occlusal adjustment requirement, a cross-over clinical trial was designed. Two 3-unit tooth-supported posterior FDPs were planned to be made for each patient's single missing tooth gap, one with complete analog workflow (control group) and the other complete digital workflow (test group). The analog workflow aims for a porcelain fused to metal (PFM) FDP whereas the digital workflow aims for 3-unit monolithic Zr FDP. PFor half of the restorations, digital impression was planned to be taken first and to be followed by analog impression. As for the occlusal adjustment, in half of the study sites monolithic Zr FDPs were planned to be tried-in first, followed by metal-ceramic FDP and vice versa. One investigator (DK) was assigned to prepare the restoration sites and deliver the FDPs. All monolithic Zr and all metal-ceramic FDPs were designed and fabricated by the same experienced dental technician. One investigator (HL), that was not involved in the treatment intervention was assigned to make the 3D analysis of the volumetric occlusal adjustment amount. All teeth preparations will be carried out ensuring the minimum material thickness for monolithic FDPs (0.8-1 mm margin thickness, 1 mm occlusal thickness) by one experienced investigator (DK). To prevent any possible carry-over effect, the impression acquisition order will be randomized. The control group FDPs (metal-ceramic) will be fabricated with a complete analog workflow. Accordingly, a polyether dual-phase impression (Impregum Penta Soft Quick and Soft Quick, 3M) will be taken from the restoration arch and a Polyvinylsiloxane (PVS) impression material will be used for the impression of the antagonist arch. Face bow transfer (Whip Mix Face bow0 will be done. Following the stone master model (Type IV dental rock, Fuji) obtention, the maxillary models will be mounted to a semi-adjustable articulator based on the face bow record and mandibular models will be then mounted with the aid of laterotrusive and MI records. The MI and laterotrusive records will be taken with a PVS bite registration material. The Cr-Ni frameworks will be fabricated with lost-wax technique (Brand?), manually layered with feldspathic veneering porcelain (Vita), and glazed by one experienced dental technician. The test group FDPs (high translucent monolithic Zr) (Aidite Multilayer 3D) will be fabricated by a complete/model-free digital workflow. The digital quadrant impressions of the preparation, antagonist as well as bite registration will be obtained by the use of an IOS (Trios 3, 3Shape). The files will be sent to a CAD software (Dental System, 3Shape) directly via the communication tool (3 Shape Communicate, 3Shape). Following CAD, the high translucent monolithic Zr 3-unit FDPs will be computer-aided manufactured (CORITEC 350i Loader, imes-icore GmbH). FDPs will be high-gloss polished, glazed, and sent to the dental clinic for the try-in session. Monolithic Zr design and manufacturing process will be completed by one dental technician that is highly experienced in CAD/CAM. Clinical occlusal adjustment: A standardized occlusal adjustment strategy will be adopted and executed by one investigator for both control and test group FDPs. In half of the restoration sites, monolithic Zr restorations will be the ones to have been tried first whereas in the other half metal-ceramic FDPs were the first. Initially, distal and mesial approximal contact areas, then the internal fit will be checked and adjusted to eliminate any interferences in order to ensure the optimal fitting of the restorations. For the occlusal adjustment amount calculation, the FDPs will be fixed on the prepared teeth provisionally and scanned by an IOS (Trios 3, 3Shape) to record the pre-adjustment FDP volume. The occlusal contacts and adjustment needs were assessed while still the restorations are fixed. The occlusal adjustment strategy will be as follows: Under normal occlusal forces, 40-micron articulation paper (Arti-Check micro-thin, Bausch, Cologne, Germany) will be used and followed by 12-micron articulation foil (Shimstock-foil, Bausch, Cologne, Germany) under strong occlusal force. The FDPs' occlusal contact design will be ensured to hold the articulation foil under strong occlusal force. Thereafter, once ensuring the FDPs to remain fixed, intraoral digital quadrant impressions (Trios 3, 3 Shape) will be taken by the same investigator in order to record the post-adjustment volume of the FDPs. After chairside finishing and polishing of the adjustment areas, Monolithiz Zr FDPs will be adhesively luted by a composite cement as the definitive restoration. 2.4. Quantitative analysis Both .stl files (pre-and-post adjustment) will be exported in order to process in an inspection software (Gom Inspect 2019, GOM GmbH, Braunschweig, Germany). The pre-and post-adjustment .stl files will be superimposed with the surface of restorations excluding occlusal adjusted area. After that, they will be sectioned from the same planes, mesial, distal, and 3mm apical to occlusal plane. The total volume of the sections that will be analyzed will be measured and the quantitative volume difference of the sectioned parts then was Calculated three-dimensionally (3Matic, Materialise NV, Leuven, Belgium). The total volumetric difference in mm3 between pre-and post-adjustment .stl files will be calculated for each 3-unit FDP Inclusion Criteria for the participants: 1. The individuals with the mandibular or maxillary single missing occlusal unit (2nd premolar, 1st molar) adjacent to a premolar and/or molar tooth 2. Participants over 20 years old with no contradiction of dental treatment. 3. Good oral hygiene habits, healthy periodontal status, no sign of bruxism (e.g. attrition score \>2 according to Wigdorowicz-Makowerowa, and/or muscle pain), and no self-reported grinding and/or clenching. Inclusion criteria for the abutment teeth included: 1. No visible periapical lesion 2. Presence of minimum 1:1 crown/root ratio 3. Class I mobility (Nyman \& Lindhe 2003) 4. No probing depth more than 4mm 5. Presence of natural opposing teeth with no restorative treatment. 6. Presence of a stable maximum intercuspation (MI) relationship Exclusion Criteria: * Patients and teeth that are not fulfilling the inclusion criteria
A Study for Participants With Small-Cell Lung Cancer A Phase 2 Study of LY2523355 in Patients With Extensive-Stage Small-Cell Lung Cancer Part A: This study evaluates an experimental treatment in participants with extensive-disease in small-cell lung cancer. Part B: This study evaluates an experimental treatment in participants with extensive-disease in small-cell lung cancer. Inclusion Criteria: * Have histological or cytological evidence of extensive-disease small-cell lung cancer * Have the presence of measurable disease as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST 1.1) * Have received at least 1 prior chemotherapy regimen with agents known to provide clinical benefit for small-cell lung cancer and be, in the opinion of the investigator, an appropriate candidate for experimental therapy * Have discontinued all previous therapies for cancer, including chemotherapy, biologic therapy, hormone therapy, or radiotherapy. Participants must have recovered from the acute effects of therapy (except alopecia and fatigue) before study enrollment * Part A: Have a performance status of 0 to 2 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale * Part B: Have a performance status of 0 to 1 on the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale Exclusion Criteria: * Have received treatment within 28 days of the first dose of LY2523355 with a drug that has not received regulatory approval for any indication * Have a mixed histological diagnosis of small-cell lung cancer and non-small-cell lung cancer * Have serious preexisting medical conditions that, in the opinion of the investigator, would preclude participation in this study * Part A: Have symptomatic, untreated, or uncontrolled central nervous system (CNS) metastases. Participants with treated CNS metastases are eligible provided their disease is radiographically stable, asymptomatic, and corticosteroid use has been discontinued for at least 2 weeks prior to the first dose of study drug. Screening of asymptomatic participants without history of CNS metastases is not required * Part B: Have symptomatic, untreated, or uncontrolled CNS metastases or a history of CNS metastases. Participants who have received prophylactic radiation are not excluded. Screening of asymptomatic participants without history of CNS metastases is not required
Outcomes of FoundationOne Directed Therapy in Cancer of Unknown Primary A Prospective Observational Trial Evaluating Outcomes of FoundationOne - Directed Matched Targeted Therapy in Patients With Cancer of Unknown Primary (CUP) The goal of the current study is to determine whether Foundation Medicine's next generation sequencing assay, called FoundationOne, will provide information that allows physicians to make treatment decisions using targeted therapies in clinical trials or FDA approved therapies, including "off-label" agents, that result in superior OS compared to historical outcomes for standard CUP therapy. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients with a histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of metastatic or advanced unresectable cancer of unknown primary including adenocarcinoma, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, poorly differentiated carcinoma, or squamous carcinoma. 2. To be categorized as CUP, the following clinical evaluations must have been performed without identification of an anatomic primary site: medical history, physical examination, chemistry profile, blood counts, serum PSA (men), CT scans of chest/abdomen/pelvis, specific evaluation of symptomatic areas. 3. Sufficient Formalin Fixed Paraffin Embedded tissue from cancer of study will allow previously completed profiling panels other than for treatment assignment; however, FoundationOne profiling is required as part of this study. Adequate tumor tissue must remain, in the estimate of the consenting physician, to confirm genomic alterations in enrolled patients. Previous unknown primary available for FoundationOne testing. (Note: This FoundationOne® profiling is also allowed and is not required to be FoundationOne repeated.) (see Appendix A and Appendix B) 4. First and second line patients enrolling in this study must have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Status score of 0 to 2. Third line patients enrolling in this study must have an ECOG Performance Status score of 0 to 1 (Appendix C). 5. Patients must have measurable or evaluable disease per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1 (Appendix D). 6. Age greater than or equal to 18 years. 7. Patients are considered potential candidates for treatment with targeted therapy. 8. Willingness and ability to comply with study and follow-up procedures. 9. Ability to understand the nature of this study and give written informed consent. 10. The presence of other active cancers is not allowed, unless indolent and not requiring therapy. Patients with early stage cancer who have received definitive local treatment and are considered unlikely to recur are eligible. All patients with previously treated in situ carcinoma (i.e., non-invasive) are eligible, as are patients with history of non-melanoma skin cancer. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients who have received three or more lines of systemic therapy for cancer of unknown primary. 2. Patients who have previously received matched targeted therapy for the same Class 1 alteration (see Table 1) or the same drug. 3. Patients with treatable CUP syndrome, including the following: * extragonadal germ cell syndrome * neuroendocrine carcinoma * adenocarcinoma isolated to axillary lymph nodes (women) * peritoneal carcinomatosis (women) * squamous cell carcinoma limited to cervical, supraclavicular, or inguinal lymph nodes * single resectable metastasis 4. Previously untreated brain metastases. Patients who have received radiation or surgery for brain metastases are eligible if therapy was completed at least 2 weeks prior to study entry and there is no evidence of central nervous system disease progression, mild neurologic symptoms, and no requirement for chronic corticosteroid therapy. Enzyme-inducing anticonvulsants are contraindicated. 5. Pregnant or lactating. 6. Psychological, familial, sociologic, or geographic conditions that do not permit compliance with the protocol.
Comparison of Surgeons' Object Discernment Via Their Hands Versus Using a Robotic Surgical System That Does Not Incorporate Haptics Comparison of Surgeons' Object Discernment Via Their Hands Versus Using a Robotic Surgical System That Does Not Incorporate Haptics The purpose of this study is to compare surgeons' discernment of 4 balloons filled with different materials when using their eyes and hands versus using the da Vinci robot. The study design is a non-randomized parallel group study in which a group of surgeons (Group A) will make determinations as to the material within each of four visually identical balloons that contain air, water, petroleum jelly or a firm substance similar to the consistency of a non-ripe banana using their hands and eyes while another group of experienced robotic surgeons (Group B) will do so using the da Vinci Xi System (Intuitive Surgical, Sunnyvale, CA). Before making their "hands on" determinations as to balloon contents, each participant will be asked to first determine whether they can visually determine the balloon contents without any manipulation. For the purposes of outcome measurement, only two possible outcomes are considered - namely that the 4 balloons are ordered correctly or not. Investigators will also record each "guess" for all participants in order to report any trends of mis-assortment that may occur. Inclusion Criteria: * Board Certified Surgeon * Robotic Board Certified Surgeon Exclusion Criteria: • Non Board Certified Surgeon
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Reader Organisation's Get Into Reading Intervention Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Reader Organisation's Get Into Reading Intervention The investigators will evaluate the effectiveness of a parent-child shared reading intervention run by The Reader Organisation. The investigators will be asking parents and children across Liverpool to either (i) attend a weekly shared reading programme or (b) to attend a weekly children's reading group at a library. The investigators will look at how the reading groups affect children's language development, by comparing children's language development before having gone to these groups and after they have attended these groups. This is a Randomised Control Trial to test whether The Reader Organisation's Shared Reading Programme is more effective at improving the language development of children than a free library reading group. Intervention group: Fifty parents of children (3 to 4-years of age) will be recruited to take part in a 8 weeks long shared reading programme. The shared reading programme is comprised of two different modules: a) 'Magical Storytimes', in which a collection of shared book reading sessions are led by a project worker and b) 'Stories for You and Yours', in which parents will be taught how to choose books and read interactively with their child. Control group: Fifty further families, matched for age and background will be recruited to a reading control group and asked to attend a weekly shared reading group at a library where parents/children will read in a shared pre-school library reading group, coordinated by a group facilitator. Location: The Shared Reading Programme will take place in the child's nursery (in nurseries across Liverpool). Control group parents and children will attend a weekly reading group at a library. All standardised tests, for all children, will take place in the child's nursery. Language gains from pre- to post- intervention will be measured. Inclusion Criteria: All families will be included unless they fit the exclusion criteria below. Exclusion Criteria: This is a study of typically developing English-learning children. The following exclusion criteria are designed to exclude families in which the target child is at risk of atypical or delayed language acquisition: * Children born before 37 weeks gestation (premature) * Children who weighed less than 5lb 9oz at birth (low birth weight) * Children who have had an ear infection/glue ear for longer than 3 months, 4-6 ear infections within a 6 month period or another identified hearing problem (e.g. at newborn hearing screening) * Children with an identified developmental disability (e.g. Cerebral Palsy, Autism Spectrum Disorder, Fragile X syndrome, Muscular dystrophy, Di George syndrome, Down's syndrome, Williams syndrome) * Children with a hearing or visual impairment * Children who hear another language (not English) for 1 day or more in a typical week (please note that this also excludes children of parents who do not speak English) * Children whose parents have a learning disability which puts their children at risk of language delay and excludes the parents from giving informed consent on their own and on their children's behalf.
TF (SENSIMED Triggerfish) in Intraocular Anti-VEGF (Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor) Injection A Single-center, Open Label, Prospective Study Assessing the IOP (Intraocular Pressure) Patterns Using SENSIMED Triggerfish® in Association With Anti-VEGF Injection This is a prospective, open label study assessing the 24-hour IOP patterns using TF in patients undergoing anti-VEGF injection for the treatment of neovascular AMD (age related macular degeneration). The study will be proposed to patients with AMD and patients with AMD and concomitant open angle glaucoma (OAG). The study will be conducted in two stages. In both stages, patients will remain ambulatory and will be encouraged to follow a schedule as close to their usual lifestyle as possible, with the exception of particular activities such as caffeine intake, playing wind instruments, yoga and strenuous exercise. A patient diary will be distributed for the capture of patient activities during the TF pattern recording. Upon completion of each session, the CLS (contact lens sensor) will be removed and a final ophthalmic examination will be conducted. In the first stage of the study, 20 patients with neovascular AMD with an IOP in the normal range and no concomitant glaucoma will be recruited. After having signed and dated the patient informed consent form, patients will undergo an initial ophthalmic examination. One eye will be selected for the study. If both eyes are eligible, the study eye will be selected in random manner. All 20 AMD patients will receive two 24-hour recording sessions (S) with the TF CLS, at monthly interval. In the first session (S1) anti-VEGF injection will be carried out according to the study center standard protocol. For the second 24-hour TF recording session (S2), patients will be randomly distributed into three groups. Group A, consisting of 5 patients, will receive anti-VEGF injection with a different anti-VEGF substance as compared to S1. Group B, also consisting of 5 patients, will receive anti-VEGF without sclerotomy occlusion after injection as compared to S1. Finally, group C, including 10 patients, will receive anti-VEGF in a different dose (injection volume) as compared to S1. The randomization ratio between groups A, B and C is 1:1:2. The overall study duration for an eligible patient in the first stage of this study is limited to 5 weeks. If in the first stage of this study an injection protocol is identified that provokes significantly lesser elevation on the TF pattern, the alternative injection protocol will be evaluated against the current standard protocol. For the second stage, 30 patients of whom 15 with neovascular AMD and 15 with neovascular AMD and concomitant OAG will be recruited. After giving informed consent and confirmation of eligibility, all patients will receive two 24-hour TF CLS recording sessions (S3 and S4) at monthly interval, during which anti-VEGF injection according to the standard and alternative protocol will be carried out in random sequence. The overall study duration for a patient in the second stage of the study is limited to 5 weeks. The study has been planned to recruit 20 eligible patients in the first stage within 12 weeks from the date of initiation. The second stage will recruit 30 patients within 16 weeks. Hence the overall study duration from the first patient accrued into the study until last patient out equates to about 33 weeks. Allowing for a database lock within 4 weeks of study completion, a preliminary statistical report on the primary efficacy endpoint is foreseen within 2 weeks thereafter. Inclusion Criteria: * Diagnosis of neovascular AMD or neovascular AMD with concomitant OAG * For neovascular AMD patients, IOP \<21 mmHg, normal RNFL (retinal nerve fiber layer) thickness and optic disc, in need of treatment with monthly anti-VEGF injections and with best-corrected Snellen visual acuity of 0.5 or better on the non-study eye * For OAG patients, open angle, with typical glaucomatous optic disc including diffuse or localized neuroretinal rim loss, excavation, and retinal nerve fiber layer defects, or repeated abnormal visual field defined as a pattern standard deviation outside of the 95% normal confidence limits or a Glaucoma Hemifield Test result outside normal limits * For OAG patients any IOP-lowering treatment should be unchanged since at least 4 weeks at study entry and remain stable throughout the study * Aged ≥ 50 years * Not more than 6 diopters spherical refraction equivalent in the study eye * Having given written informed consent, prior to any investigational procedures Exclusion Criteria: * Pigmentary glaucoma, exfoliative glaucoma, narrow or closed iridocorneal angle or any other concomitant ocular conditions (except cataract) in the study eye * History of ocular incision or laser surgery on the study eye (except cataract extraction) * Corneal or conjunctival abnormality in the study eye precluding contact lens adaptation * Severe dry eye syndrome * Subjects with irregular sleep schedule or with sleep apnea syndrome * Subjects allergic to silicone * Subjects not able to understand the character and individual consequences of the investigation * Participation in other clinical research within the last 4 weeks * Any other contra-indication listed in the TF user manual
Erector Spinae Plane Block Versus Thoracic Epidural Block for Chest Trauma Erector Spinae Plane Block Versus Thoracic Epidural Block as Analgesic Techniques for Chest Trauma Rib fractures are very common as a consequence of blunt chest trauma which is associated with severe pain, morbidity and mortality. The key to managing these patients is prompt and effective analgesia, early mobilization, respiratory support, with chest physiotherapy. The aim of this study is to compare and evaluate the differences between either continuous erector spinae plane (ESP) block, or thoracic epidural analgesia (TEA) as analgesic modalities in patients with chest trauma. It is hypothesized that ESP block will be comparable to TEA as a promising effective analgesic alternative with fewer side effects. Trauma is a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide as a leading cause of death. Rib fractures are very common and are detected in at least 10% of all injured patients, the majority of which are as a consequence of blunt chest trauma. Chest trauma are associated with severe pain, morbidity and mortality, as it contributes to atelectasis, lobar collapse, pneumonia, effusion, aspiration, acute respiratory distress syndrome pulmonary embolism, increased intensive care admissions, and poor overall clinical outcomes. Trauma is associated with release of cytokines, which contribute to the development of hemodynamic instability and metabolic derangement, which can worsen prognosis. The efficacy of utilizing different modalities for analgesia in controlling extent of tissue damage can be compared by measuring these cytokines levels. Multiple analgesic modalities have been used in these patients with chest trauma, such as oral analgesics, intravenous opioids, patient-controlled opioid analgesia, inter-pleural blocks, intercostal blocks, serratus plane blocks, paravertebral blocks, and TEA. In trauma patients with rib fractures, retrospective studies showed that TEA has become the gold standard of care, while ultrasound-guided paravertebral and serratus plane blocks are possible alternatives. However, no single best analgesic modality could be recommended or established, based on available data in this population, as no meta-analysis on this topic has yet been completed. Ultrasound has been the fundamental tool for a significant improvement in the progress of regional analgesic techniques of inter-fascial chest wall blocks, allowing their description and introduction into clinical practice. Ultrasound-guided ESP block is a new technique that has been recently described in the control of both chronic neuropathic pain as well as acute postsurgical or post-traumatic pain of the chest wall. The ESP block holds promise as a simple, easy, fast and safe technique for thoracic analgesia in the context of pain associated with chest trauma. Aim of the Study: The aim of this study is to assess the quality of pain relief and improvement of pulmonary function in patients with chest trauma receiving either continuous ESP block or TEA by comparing and evaluating the differences between the two techniques. It is hypothesized that ESP block will be comparable to TEA as a promising effective analgesic alternative with fewer side effects. Sample Size Calculation: The literature available on ESP block is limited to some sporadic case reports and editorials. Hence, this clinical trial will be conducted on 50 patients and post hoc analysis will be performed using pain scores obtained from the present study with an α (type I error) = 0.05 and β (type II error) = 0.2 (power = 80%). Methods: The study will be conducted in Mansoura Emergency Hospital on fifty patients admitted with chest trauma. They will be randomly assigned to two equal groups (ESP group and TEA group) according to computer-generated table of random numbers using the permuted block randomization method. The group allocation will be concealed in sequentially numbered, sealed opaque envelopes which will be opened only after obtaining the written informed consent. Patient demographic data including age, sex, body weight, and status of American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) will be recorded. A written informed consent will be obtained from all study subjects after ensuring confidentiality. The study protocol will be explained to all patients after enrollment into the study. In both groups, catheter-based analgesia will be performed with a bolus dose of bupivacaine followed by a continuous infusion for 48 hours. Later on, the catheters will be removed, and the pain management will be switched to parental or oral analgesics. Statistical Methods: The collected data will be coded, processed, and analyzed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) program (version 22) for Windows. Normality of numerical data distribution will be tested by Shapiro-Wilk test. Continuous data of normal distribution will be presented as mean ± standard deviation, and compared with the unpaired student's t test. Non-normally distributed data will be presented as median (range), and compared with the Mann-Whitney U test. Repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) test will be used for comparisons within the same group. Categorical data will be presented as number (percentage), and compared with the Chi-square test. All data will be considered statistically significant if P value is ≤ 0.05. Inclusion Criteria: * American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) status: 1 or 2 . * Blunt chest trauma. * Multiple rib fractures. * Flail chest. * Lung contusions. Exclusion Criteria: * Bilateral chest trauma. * Intubated patients. * Other peripheral or abdominal injuries. * Traumatic brain injury, altered mental status or un-cooperative patients. * Acute spine fractures or pre-existing spine deformity. * Unstable hemodynamics. * Sensitivity to local anesthetic drugs. * Coagulation abnormalities. * Infection at the site of procedure. * Significant cardiac or respiratory dysfunction, hepatic or renal impairment.
Nous-PEV: a Novel Immunotherapy for Lung Cancer and Melanoma An Open-Label, Multicenter, Non-Randomized, Dose-Confirmation and Cohort-Expansion Phase 1b Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Anti-Tumor Activity of Nous-PEV, with Pembrolizumab, in Patients with Unresectable Stage III / IV Cutaneous Melanoma and with Stage IV NSCLC (PDL1≥ 50%) From Protocol v3.0 dated 16Jun2022. This is an international, multicenter, open-label, multiple cohort, First in Human, phase 1b clinical study, designed to evaluate safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity, and to detect any preliminary evidence of anti-tumor activity of a personalized vaccine (PEV) based on GAd-PEV priming and MVA-PEV boosting, combined with SoC first-line immunotherapy using an anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor in patients with unresectable stage III/IV cutaneous melanoma or with stage IV NSCLC (PDL1 ≥ 50%). The PEV vaccines will be prepared on an individual basis, following a tumor biopsy performed at the time of screening and subsequent NGS analysis, to identify patient-specific tumor mutations. Both neoantigen-encoding genetic vaccines are administered intramuscularly using 1 prime with GAd-PEV and 3 boosts with MVA-PEV in combination with the licensed programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody pembrolizumab in adult patients in patients with unresectable stage III/IV cutaneous melanoma (Cohort a) or with stage IV NSCLC (PDL1 ≥ 50%) (Cohort b). Overall Study Design: • This is an open-label, non-randomized, dose-confirmation and cohort expansion phase 1b first-in-human study, in which 28 patients, expandable up to 34 evaluable patients in case of DLT. Study IMPs: Nous-PEV vaccine is composed of 2 sets of IMPs: * GAd-PEV * MVA-PEV Treatment phases: A) Induction phase with pembrolizumab (cycles 1, 2 and 3). B) Priming phase including 1 GAd-PEV administration with pembrolizumab (cycle 4). C) Boosting phase including 3 boosting administrations of MVA-PEV with pembrolizumab (cycles 5, 6 and 7). Inclusion Criteria: Main Inclusion Criteria for Patients in Cohorts 1a and 2a: 1. Age ≥ 18 years. 2. Patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable stage III or stage IV Cutaneous Melanoma, as per AJCC staging system (8th edition). First-line treatment-naive patients. 3. Participation in this trial will be dependent upon supplying tumor tissue from newly obtained specimen. Newly obtained biopsies of a tumor lesion, not previously irradiated, must be provided in the form of excisional biopsies, resected tissue or core needle biopsies. 4. Presence of at least 1 measurable lesion by computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging per RECIST v1.1 by the local site Investigator / radiologist assessment 5. Presence of at least one lesion amenable to repeated biopsy, ideally not the one being used for measuring. 6. Willingness to undergo a minimum of two fresh lesion biopsies (pre-treatment and on-treatment). 7. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 to 1. 8. Life expectancy of at least 12 months. 9. Adequate renal, hepatic, and hematologic functions 10. A female patient is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant and not breastfeeding 11. A male patient must agree to use an adequate contraception Main Inclusion Criteria for Patients in Cohort 2b: 1. Age ≥ 18 years. 2. Histologically or cytologically confirmed stage IV squamous or non-squamous NSCLC without EGFR or ALK/ROS1 /RET genomic alteration. 3. Tumor expression with PD-L1 ≥50% tumor proportion score (TPS). 4. First-line treatment-naïve patients. 5. Participation in this trial will be dependent upon supplying tumor tissue from a newly obtained specimen. Newly obtained biopsies of a tumor lesion, not previously irradiated, must be provided in the form of excisional biopsies, resected tissue or core needle biopsies. 6. Presence of at least 1 measurable lesion by computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) per RECIST v1.1 as determined by the local site Investigator / radiologist assessment. 7. Presence of at least one tumor lesion amenable to repeated biopsy, if possible, ideally not the one being used for measuring. 8. Willingness to undergo a minimum of two fresh tumor biopsies (pre-treatment and on-treatment). 9. ECOG performance status 0 to 1. 10. Life expectancy of at least 6 months. 11. Adequate renal, hepatic, and hematologic functions 12. A female patient is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant and not breastfeeding 13. A male patient must agree to use a contraceptive during the treatment period and for at least 180 days after the last dose of study treatment and refrain from donating sperm during this period. Main Exclusion Criteria for patients in all Cohorts: 1. Currently receiving treatment with another investigational medicinal product. 2. Prior therapy with immune checkpoint inhibitors. Patients must not have received any investigational immunotherapy either. 3. Prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of enrolment, or within 4 weeks of enrolment in the case of radiation to central nervous system (CNS), which requires ≥ 4-week washout. 4. Prior allogenic tissue or solid organ transplant. 5. Active interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis or a history of ILD/pneumonitis requiring treatment with systemic steroids and/or whose pulse oximetry is less than 92% "on room air". 6. Limiting cardiac criteria: prolonged QT interval or QT prolongation risk factors, clinically important abnormalities in rhythm, conduction or morphology of resting ECG, e.g. complete LBBB, third degree heart block, risk of arrythmic events, ejection fraction under lower limit of normal. 7. Major (according to the Investigator's judgment) surgery within 12 weeks before enrolment. 8. Known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment, or history of other malignancy within 2 years of study entry. 9. Immunosuppression including the continued use of systemic (at prednisone dose equivalent of \> 10 mg) or topical steroids at or near the planned i.m. injection site or the use of immunosuppressive agents for any concurrent condition in the 4 weeks prior to first study treatment administration. Inhaled and eye drop-containing corticosteroids are permitted. 10. Previous vaccination (either therapeutic and/or prophylactic) against cancer. 11. History of autoimmune disease in the last 5 years, including any active autoimmune disease except vitiligo or childhood asthma. 12. Chronic or concurrent active infectious disease requiring systemic antibodies, antifungal, or antiviral treatment. 13. Known Medical History of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection or known Medical History of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). HIV testing is not required unless mandated by the local health authority. 14. Active hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection that requires treatment, or at risk for HBV reactivation 15. Known CNS metastasis and/or carcinomatous meningitis. 16. Known cerebral edema. 17. Live vaccine received within 30 days before treatment initiation.
Assessment of Esophageal Pressure Reliability to Estimate Pleural Pressure in Critically Ill Children Assessment of Esophageal Pressure Reliability to Estimate Pleural Pressure in Critically Ill Children Background During ventilatory assistance, optimization of settings is critical to allow a personalized support and avoid over- or under-assistance. But little data are available in clinical practice to guide the adjustment of the support. In adults, esophageal pressure (PES) has been shown to be a reliable surrogate of pleural pressure (PPL) and clinical studies suggest that PES may be useful to guide the management of mechanical ventilation. In children, the PES measurement could have similar potential benefits, but beforehand the reliability of PES to estimate PPL needs to be assessed. Objective The primary objective of this study is to validate the reliability of PES directly monitored using a miniature catheter tip pressure transducer (Gaeltec® system) to estimate PPL, when compared to a gold standard, i.e the direct PPL measurement in situ. Method This is a prospective single center study. Children \<18 years old, hospitalized in the pediatric intensive care unit, requiring invasive ventilation and with at least one chest tube will be included. Protocol A pressure transducer will be connected to the existing chest-tube and PES (measured by Gaeltec® and feeding tube), PPL, PAW, respiratory volume and flow will be simultaneously recorded. Expected results We expect that the PES-based methods will provide an accurate estimation of PPL. Once this tool validated, PES could be helpful to optimize mechanical ventilation in children, and further interventional trials would be warranted to evaluate if its use could allow a reduction of the ventilation support duration. Inclusion Criteria: * Children \<18 years old, hospitalized in the pediatric intensive care unit; * Requiring invasive ventilation for more than 4 hours according to the prescription of the attending physician; * With at least one chest tube. Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindications to the placement of a new nasogastric tube (e.g. bilateral phrenic paralysis, trauma or recent surgery in cervical or nasopharyngeal regions, severe coagulation disorder); * Hemodynamic instability, as defined by the treating team, and the absence of recent (\<4 hours) increase in the flow of dopamine, epinephrine, norepinephrine, or dobutamine; * Respiratory instability defined as a severe respiratory failure requiring FiO2 \> 60%, or PaCO2 \> 80 mmHg on blood gas in the last hour; * Persistent pleural effusion or pneumothorax despite the chest-tube; * Bronchopleural fistula; * Recent (\<12 hours) thoracic hemorrhage; * Delayed sternal closure at the time of study; * Significant pericardial effusion; * Absence of parental or tutor consent; * Patient for whom a limitation of life support treatments is discussed or decided.
Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Selonsertib, Firsocostat, and Cilofexor in Adults With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) A Proof of Concept, Open-Label Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Regimens in Subjects With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the safety and tolerability of selonsertib, firsocostat, cilofexor, fenofibrate and/or Vascepa® in adults with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) or nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Key Inclusion Criteria: * Males and females between 18-75 years of age (Cohorts 1-9: 18-75 years and Cohorts 10-13: ≥ 18 years); inclusive based on the date of the screening visit * Willing and able to provide informed consent prior to any study specific procedures being performed * For Cohorts 1 through 6 and 9, individuals must meet the following conditions: * Clinical diagnosis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) * Screening FibroTest® \< 0.75, unless a historical liver biopsy within 12 months of Screening does not reveal cirrhosis. In individuals with Gilbert's syndrome or hemolysis, FibroTest® will be calculated using direct bilirubin instead of total bilirubin, * Screening magnetic resonance imaging - proton density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF) with ≥ 10% steatosis, * Screening magnetic resonance elastography (MRE) with liver stiffness ≥ 2.88 kPa, OR * A historical liver biopsy within 12 months of Screening consistent with NASH (defined as the presence of steatosis, inflammation, and ballooning) with stage 2-3 fibrosis according to the NASH Clinical Research Network (CRN) classification (or equivalent), AND * No documented weight loss \> 5% between the date of the liver biopsy and Screening; * For Cohorts 7 and 8, individuals must have a clinical diagnosis of NAFLD and have at least one of the following criteria: * Screening MRE with liver stiffness ≥ 4.67 kPa, * A historical FibroScan® ≥ 14 kPa within 6 months of Screening, * Screening FibroTest® ≥ 0.75, * A historical liver biopsy consistent with stage 4 fibrosis according to the NASH CRN classification (or equivalent); * For Cohorts 10 and 11, individuals must have a clinical diagnosis of NAFLD and meet at least two criteria for metabolic syndrome modified from the NCEP ATP III Guidelines and one of the following criteria at Screening: * A historical liver biopsy within 6 months of Screening consistent with NASH and bridging fibrosis (F3) or within 12 months of Screening consistent with NASH and compensated cirrhosis (F4) in the opinion of the investigator, * Screening liver stiffness by MRE ≥ 3.64 kPa; * Screening liver stiffness by FibroScan® ≥ 9.9 kPa; * For Cohorts 12 and 13, individuals must have a clinical diagnosis of NAFLD/NASH and at least two criteria for metabolic syndrome as modified from the NCEPT ATP III Guidelines, OR one of the following criteria: * A historical liver biopsy within 6 months of Screening consistent with NASH for individuals without compensated cirrhosis (F4); or within 12 months of Screening consistent with NASH for individuals with compensated cirrhosis (F4) in the opinion of the investigator, * A historical MRE with liver stiffness ≥ 2.88 kPa within 6 months of Screening, * A historical FibroScan® with liver stiffness ≥ 9.9 kPa within 6 months of Screening, AND * No documented weight loss \> 5% between the date of the historical liver biopsy, historical MRE, or historical FibroScan® and Screening; * Platelet count ≥ 100,000/µL; * Serum creatinine \< 2 mg/dL (Cohorts 1-9) at Screening; * Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≥ 80 mL/min (Cohorts 10-11) or ≥ 60 mL/min (Cohorts 12-13), as calculated by the Cockcroft-Gault equation at Screening; * For Cohorts 10-13, serum triglyceride level ≥ 150 mg/dL at Screening. Key Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnant or lactating females * Other causes of liver disease including autoimmune, viral, and alcoholic liver disease * Any history of decompensated liver disease, including ascites, hepatic encephalopathy or variceal bleeding * For Cohorts 7-8, 10-13, Child-Pugh-Turcotte (CPT) score \> 6 * History of liver transplantation * History of hepatocellular carcinoma; * Weight reduction surgery in the past 2 years or planned during the study; * Documented weight loss \> 5% between the date of the historical liver biopsy and Screening, if applicable; * Body Mass Index (BMI) \< 18 kg/m2; * ALT \> 5 x ULN at Screening; * For Cohorts 10-13, HbA1c ≥ 9.5% (or serum fructosamine ≥ 381 µmol if HbA1c is unable to be resulted) at Screening; * For Cohorts 10-13, hemoglobin ≤ 10.6 g/dL at Screening; * INR \> 1.2 (Cohorts 1-9) or INR \> 1.4 (Cohorts 10-13) at Screening, unless on anticoagulation therapy; * Total bilirubin \> 1x ULN (Cohorts 1 through 6 and 9), \>1.5 x ULN (Cohorts 7 and 8), or \>1.3 x ULN (Cohorts 10-13) except in confirmed cases of Gilbert's syndrome; * Triglycerides ≥ 500 mg/dL (Cohorts 5-8 and 10-13) or ≥ 250 mg/dL (Cohort 9) at Screening; * Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score \> 12 at Screening (Cohorts 10 -13), unless due to an alternate etiology such as therapeutic anticoagulation; * Chronic hepatitis B (HBsAg positive); * Chronic hepatitis C (HCV RNA positive). individuals cured of HCV infection less than 2 years prior to the Screening visit are not eligible (Cohorts 10-13); * HIV Ab positive; * Presence of gallstones within 6 months of Screening (Cohorts 10-13); * Alcohol consumption greater than 21 oz/week for males or 14 oz/week for females (1oz/30 mL of alcohol is present in 1 12oz/360 mL beer, 1 4oz/120 mL glass of wine, and a 1 oz/30 mL measure of 40% proof alcohol); * Positive urine screen for amphetamines, cocaine or opiates (i.e., heroin, morphine) at Screening. Individuals on stable methadone or buprenorphine maintenance treatment for at least 6 months prior to Screening may be included in the study. Individuals with a positive urine drug screen due to prescription opioid-based medication are eligible if the prescription and diagnosis are reviewed and approved by the investigator; * Unstable cardiovascular disease; * History of intestinal resection of the extent that would result in malabsorption; * Use of any prohibited concomitant medications as described in the protocol; * History of a malignancy within 5 years of Screening with the following exceptions: * Adequately treated carcinoma in situ of the cervix, * Adequately treated basal or squamous cell cancer or other localized non-melanoma skin cancer. Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
Systemic Chemotherapy and Subtenon Carboplatin, and Local Ophthalmic Therapy in Children With Intraocular Retinoblastoma A Single Arm Trial of Systemic And Subtenon Chemotherapy For Groups C And D Intraocular Retinoblastoma Phase III trial to determine the effectiveness of combining systemic chemotherapy and subtenon carboplatin with ophthalmic therapy in treating children who have intraocular retinoblastoma. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as vincristine, carboplatin, and etoposide, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. It is not yet known whether systemic chemotherapy and subtenon (under the conjunctiva of the eye) carboplatin combined with ophthalmic therapy is effective in treating intraocular (within the eyeball) retinoblastoma. PRIMARY OBJECTIVES: I. Determine the event-free survival at 12 months of pediatric patients' eyes with group D intraocular retinoblastoma treated with systemic chemotherapy comprising vincristine, carboplatin, and etoposide, subtenon carboplatin, and local ophthalmic therapy. (Event defined for each eye individually as needed for nonprotocol therapy including nonprotocol chemotherapy, enucleation or any external-beam radiation) SECONDARY OBJECTIVES: I. Determine the event-free survival at 12 months of pediatric patients' eyes with group C retinoblastoma treated with systemic chemotherapy comprising carboplatin, etoposide, vincristine, subtenon carboplatin, and local ophthalmic therapy. II. Determine the acute and long-term toxic effects of these regimens in these patients, including visual outcome and incidence of secondary malignancies. III. Determine the patterns of failure in patients treated with these regimens, in terms of vitreous vs retinal vs both as sites of recurrence. IV. Determine predictors of failure including findings at the on study examination under anesthesia and response status after six courses of chemotherapy. V. Determine the percentage of group C and D eyes separately that can be preserved without enucleation after failing protocol therapy. OUTLINE: This is a multicenter study. Patients receive vincristine IV over 1 minute on day 1 and carboplatin IV over 1 hour and etoposide IV over 1 hour on days 1 and 2. Patients also receive filgrastim (G-CSF) subcutaneously daily beginning on day 3 and continuing until blood counts recover. Patients receive subtenon carboplatin to each group C or D eye on day 0 or 1 prior of courses 2-4 only. Treatment repeats every 28 days for 6 courses in the absence of occurrence of extraocular retinoblastoma or a second malignancy. Beginning with course 3 of systemic chemotherapy, patients undergo local ophthalmic therapy comprising local laser and/or cryotherapy on day 1. Patients are followed with ophthalmology exams every 4-12 weeks until 3 years of age, every 6 months until 5 years of age, and then annually for up to 10 years. Inclusion Criteria: * Diagnosis of bilateral retinoblastoma with at least 1 eye group C or D intraocular retinoblastoma by ophthalmologic examination, defined by the International Classification System for Intraocular Retinoblastoma as the following: * Group C: Discrete localized disease with minimal subretinal and/or vitreous seeding * Subretinal fluid, without prior or concurrent seeding, involving ≤ one quarter of the retina * Local fine vitreous seeding may be present close to discrete tumor * Local subretinal seeding \< 3 mm from tumor * Group D: Diffuse disease with significant vitreous and/or subretinal seeding * Tumor(s) may be massive or diffuse * Subretinal fluid, without prior or concurrent seeding, involving up to total retinal detachment * Diffuse or massive vitreous disease may include "greasy" seeds or avascular tumor masses * Diffuse subretinal seeding may include subretinal plaques or tumor nodules * Prior enucleation of 1 eye allowed provided the remaining eye is group C or D * No tumor present on histologic examination at the cut end of the optic nerve on any eye enucleated prior to study entry * Evidence of choroidal and/or optic nerve invasion past the lumina cribrosa is allowed * No extraocular retinoblastoma clinically or by MRI of brain and orbits with and without gadolinium or CT scan with and without contrast of brain and orbits * No evidence of systemic metastases by bone marrow, lumbar puncture, bone scan, and/or any other additional test * Performance status - Karnofsky 50-100% (over 16 years of age) * Performance status - Lansky 50-100% (16 and under) * Bilirubin ≤ 1.5 times upper limit of normal (ULN) for age * AST and ALT \< 2.5 times ULN for age * Creatinine adjusted according to age as follows: * No greater than 0.4 mg/dL (≤ 5 months) * No greater than 0.5 mg/dL (6 months -11 months) * No greater than 0.6 mg/dL (1 year-23 months) * No greater than 0.8 mg/dL (2 years-5 years) * No greater than 1.0 mg/dL (6 years-9 years) * No greater than 1.2 mg/dL (10 years-12 years) * No greater than 1.4 mg/dL (13 years and over \[female\]) * No greater than 1.5 mg/dL (13 years to 15 years \[male\]) * No greater than 1.7 mg/dL (16 years and over \[male\]) * Creatinine clearance or radioisotope glomerular filtration rate at least 70 mL/min/1.73m\^2 * Not pregnant or nursing * Fertile patients must use effective contraception * Negative pregnancy test in postmenarchal females * No prior chemotherapy * No other concurrent chemotherapy * No prior radiotherapy * No other concurrent radiotherapy
Characterization of High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) in Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) After Fenofibrate or Niacin Treatment Qualitative and Quantitative Characterization of HDL in T2D After Fenofibrate or Niacin Treatment in Spanish Population The structural and functional alterations of high density lipoproteins (HDL) levels in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients linked to hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, inflammation and oxidation, play a major role in the increased macrovascular risk in these patients. An impaired function of the adipose tissue (AT) in T2D contributes to low HDL concentrations. Objectives: 1) Quantitative and qualitative characterisation of HDL subclasses by ultracentrifugation, proteomic and metabolomic techniques. 2) To study the relationship between the HDL subclasses, preβ1 HDL and remnant HDL, and clinical determinants of arteriosclerosis. 3) Functional in vitro studies of the HDL subclasses determined in Objective 1. 4) To study the role of AT determining the low HDL levels. 5) To study the impact of HDL increasing drugs on HDL qualitative changes. Groups of subjects: a) Diabetic patients with low HDL; b) Non-diabetic patients with low HDL; c) Diabetic patients with normal HDL levels; and d) Non-diabetic patients with normal HDL levels. The studies will be performed after washing out lipid lowering drugs. Intima media thickness (IMT) will be performed in all groups. Main biochemical techniques will be centralised. Isolation and characterisation of HDL subclasses and remnant HDL, as well as a determination and preβ1 HDL will be performed. HDL studies examining HDL proteomic and metabolomic profiles will be performed. Functional studies will determine the effects on the endothelium, inflammation, cholesterol efflux and oxidation according the qualitative changes. These HDL measurements will be repeated in group (a), after they are treated with fibrates or Niacin. HDL metabolism in adipocytes will be extensively studied, and the clinical associations between HDL alterations and plasma AT-derived molecules will be examined. Inclusion Criteria: * Type 2 diabetic patients * Age from 30 years to 70 years * HDL not exceeding 50 mg/dl in men or 60 mg/dl in women Exclusion Criteria: * to be a smoker * To be diagnosed with diabetes less than three months before * To have triglyceride levels above 400 mg/dl * Glycated hemoglobin higher than 9% * Albuminuria above 300 mg/mg creatinine * Chronic kidney disease (eFGR \<30 ml/min/1.73 m2) * Advanced retinopathy * Neuropathy * Cardiovascular disease in the last three months * Chronic liver insufficiency * Neoplastic disease or any chronic or incapacitating disease
Fesoterodine Flexible Dose Study A 12-Week, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group, Multicenter Trial To Evaluate The Efficacy And Safety Of A Fesoterodine Flexible Dose Regimen In Patients With Overactive Bladder. This Phase 3B study is designed to test if a fesoterodine flexible dose regimen is more effective than placebo in reducing micturition frequency and other overactive bladder (OAB) symptoms, e.g., urgency, urgency incontinence episodes in patients with overactive bladder and if the fesoterodine regimen is safe and well tolerated. Inclusion Criteria: * Overactive bladder symptoms for greater than or equal to 3 months. * Mean urinary frequency of greater than or equal to 8 micturitions per 24 hours in bladder diary. * Mean number of Urgency episodes greater than or equal to 3 per 24 hours in bladder diary. Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindication to fesoterodine (antimuscarinics). * Known etiology of OAB (e.g., neurogenic, local urinary tract pathology). * Previous history of acute urinary retention requiring catheterization or severe voiding difficulties in the judgment of the investigator, prior to baseline. * Unable to follow the study procedures, including completion of self-administered bladder diary and patient reported outcome questionnaires.
Phase 2B Extension Study of Ataluren (PTC124) in Duchenne/Becker Muscular Dystrophy (DMD/BMD) A Phase 2B Extension Study of PTC124 in Subjects With Nonsense-Mutation-Mediated Duchenne and Becker Muscular Dystrophy Duchenne/Becker muscular dystrophy (DMD/BMD) is a genetic disorder that develops in boys. It is caused by a mutation in the gene for dystrophin, a protein that is important for maintaining normal muscle structure and function. Loss of dystrophin causes muscle fragility that leads to weakness and loss of walking ability during childhood and teenage years. A specific type of mutation, called a nonsense (premature stop codon) mutation is the cause of DMD/BMD in approximately 10-15% of boys with the disease. Ataluren (PTC124) is an orally delivered, investigational drug that has the potential to overcome the effects of the nonsense mutation. This study is a Phase 2b extension trial that will evaluate the long-term safety of ataluren (PTC124) in boys with nonsense mutation DMD/BMD, as determined by adverse events and laboratory abnormalities. The study will also assess changes in walking, muscle function, and other important clinical and laboratory measures. This is a Phase 2b, international, multicenter, open-label extension study for participants who successfully completed blinded study drug in Study 007. This extension study will evaluate the long-term administration of ataluren administered 3 times per day (TID) at morning, midday, and evening doses of 20, 20, and 40 milligrams/kilogram (mg/kg), respectively, in participants with nonsense mutation Duchenne/Becker muscular dystrophy (nmDBMD). Inclusion Criteria: * Completion of blinded study drug treatment in the previous Phase 2b study (PTC124-GD-007-DMD). * Ability to provide written informed consent (parental/guardian consent if applicable)/assent (if less than \[\<\]18 years of age). * In participants who are sexually active, willingness to abstain from sexual intercourse or employ a barrier or medical method of contraception during PTC124 administration and the 6-week follow up period. * Willingness and ability to comply with scheduled visits, drug administration plan, study procedures, laboratory tests, and study restrictions. Exclusion Criteria: * Known hypersensitivity to any of the ingredients or excipients of the study drug (Litesse® UltraTM \[refined polydextrose\], polyethylene glycol 3350, Lutrol® micro F127 \[poloxamer 407\], mannitol 25C, crospovidone XL10, hydroxyethyl cellulose, vanilla, Cab-O-Sil® M5P \[colloidal silica\], magnesium stearate). * Ongoing participation in any other therapeutic clinical trial. * Prior or ongoing medical condition (for example, concomitant illness, psychiatric condition, behavioral disorder, alcoholism, drug abuse), medical history, physical findings, ECG findings, or laboratory abnormality that, in the investigator's opinion, could adversely affect the safety of the subject, makes it unlikely that the course of treatment or follow up would be completed, or could impair the assessment of study results.
Evaluation of Thiosulfate in End Stage Renal Disease and Kidney Transplantation Evaluation of Thiosulfate in End Stage Renal Disease and Kidney Transplantation Kidneys retrieved from deceased donors will be randomized for conventional perfusion (University of Wisconsin: UW) with or without supplementation of thiosulfate, a major H2S metabolite, and transpl anted thereafter. Recipient's renal function will be assessed prospectively to determine if thiosulfate improves allograft function. The rise in the incidence of end stage renal disease (ESRD) is both a national and international concern. Renal transplantation is currently the best available treatment for established renal failure as it not only offers freedom from dialysis but improves survival, provides better quality of life and is more cost effective.1 Unfortunately there is a widening discrepancy between the incidence of ESRD and the number of available organs for transplantation. The number of organs available from these donors has never been sufficient for all of the patients on the transplant waiting lists. Over the past decade, donation after cardiac death (DCD) has gained popularity as a method to increase the number of organs available for transplantation. As expected, our attempts at maximizing usable organs for transplant with DCD kidneys comes at a price with a higher risk of delayed graft function (DGF) and graft loss compared to kidneys from standard criteria donors.2 Given that the DCD group is inherently plagued by longer warm ischemic times and labile cardiovascular physiology at the time of the donor operation, up to 30% of recipients of DCD kidneys lose their renal grafts within 5 years and up to 50% in 10 years.3,4 This results in up to 25% of those patients going back onto renal replacement therapies and then becoming relisted for transplantation. If current trends continue, the deficit in organ allocation is expected to rise over the next 20 years due to projected global incidences of obesity, diabetes and hypertension5, which will lead to an increased use of organs procured from increasingly marginal donors to keep up with the demand. Ischemia reperfusion injury (IRI) is a complex biological process involving cell death, microcirculatory compromise, altered transcription, inflammation and immune activation. Modulation of IRI particularly in DCD organs (characterized by prolonged warm ischemia followed by periods of long hypothermic storage), could impact both short and long term patient and graft outcomes. Importantly, IRI affects all donor kidneys, but the effect appears to be greatest in the DCD cohort. Indeed, significant efforts have been applied in the experimental and pre-clinical setting to develop strategies to ameliorate the negative effects of IRI. However, there is currently no active pharmacological agent used during transplantation to reduce the impact of IRI. Efforts to curb IRI during transplantation have involved either pulsatile (machine perfusion) or static storage of donor kidneys in various preservation solutions at hypothermic (4ºC) conditions during the peri-transplant period. Hypothermia slows cellular metabolism and subsequent ATP depletion during the ischemic period, while organ preservation solutions contain a myriad of electrolytes and other solutes which help to maintain osmotic conditions, scavenge free radicals and stimulate cellular metabolism upon reperfusion. University of Wisconsin (UW) solution is the most commonly used preservation solutions that has been shown to be the most effective at decreasing the risk of DGF following renal transplantation.6 H2S has long been known for its unsavory "rotten eggs" smell and toxic effects at high concentrations. However, it has been later discovered that H2S is also produced endogenously in mammalian cells mainly via the metabolism of L-cysteine by two cytosolic enzymes, cystathionine ß-synthase (CBS) and cystathionine -lyase (CSE) and one mitochondrial enzyme, 3-mercaptopyruvate sulfurtransferase (3-MST). Various H2S donation strategies have been developed and tested in vitro and in vivo. The two most often used salts NaHS and Na2S, are among the simplest sources of H2S. They dissociate very rapidly at physiological pH to generate H2S. The resulting bolus of instantly generated H2S does not mimic the endogenous, constitutive enzymatic synthesis of small amounts of H2S.7-9 Another possibility is the use of sodium thiosulphate (Na2S2O3, STS), a major metabolite of H2S, commercially available compound and typically available as the pentahydrate, Na2S2O3·5H2O. It also has functions as a preservative in table salt (less than 0.1 %) and alcoholic beverages (less than 0.0005 %). While these amounts are very small, they indicate that the general population is consuming STS (Sodium thiosulfate) on a regular basis and increasing the dose may have important therapeutic applications, especially in ESRD and chronic kidney disease patients. In clinical studies, STS has been used in the treatment of some rare medical conditions including calciphylaxis in hemodialysis patients with end-stage kidney disease10,11. Moreover, short term therapeutic use of STS has been proven safe12. STS is also proposed to be an antioxidant10 and HC-approved for use in cyanide poisoning13,14or cisplatin toxicity15. Furthermore, vasodilating properties of STS itself have been described16. However, the effect of STS on the protection of kidney injury and renal graft function post transplantation has not been described clearly. We hypothesize that supplementation of preservation solutions with STS will inhibit IRI injury, improve renal function and graft survival in kidney transplant recipients and that this effect will be heightened in recipients receiving kidneys obtained from DCD donors. Inclusion Criteria: - All patients \>18years old who are being considered for renal transplantation at LHSC that are receiving a DCD kidney. Exclusion Criteria: * Age \<18 years old * Inability to give informed consent, * Patients receiving kidneys from living donors * Patients with known hypersensitivity to either SEACALPHYX or to any of the ingredients contained within. * Pregnant women. * Patients with sulfite allergies
PK/PD Study of Netupitant and Palonosetron in Pediatric Patients for Prevention of Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting A Multicenter Multinational Randomized Double Blind PK/PD Dose-finding Study of Oral Netupitant Given With Oral Palonosetron in Pediatric Cancer Patients for Prevention of Nausea and Vomiting Associated With Emetogenic Chemotherapy This study is Phase 2 pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) dose-finding study of oral netupitant administered concomitantly with oral palonosetron in pediatric cancer patients for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with emetogenic chemotherapy. Two different netupitant dosages will be tested in patients aged from 3 months to \< 18 years: 1.33 mg/kg up to a maximum of 100 mg, and 4 mg/kg up to a maximum of 300 mg. All netupitant doses in all age classes will be concomitantly administered with palonosetron 20 μg/kg (up to a maximum dose of 1.5 mg) which is the IV palonosetron dose approved by USA FDA for the pediatric population. The primary objective is to investigate the PK/PD relationship between netupitant exposure (AUC, Cmax) and antiemetic efficacy (CR in delayed phase) after a single oral netupitant administration, concomitantly with oral palonosetron in pediatric cancer patients receiving Moderately Emetogenic Chemotherapy (MEC) or Highly Emetogenic Chemotherapy (HEC) cycles. Efficacy parameter to be used in the correlation is the proportion of patients with Complete Response (CR i.e., no emetic episodes and no rescue medication) during (\> 24-120 h after the start of chemotherapy on Day 1). The secondary objectives are to assess the safety and tolerability after single oral administration of netupitant given concomitantly with a single oral administration of palonosetron; to evaluate the pharmacokinetic (AUC, Cmax, tmax and t1/2) of oral palonosetron at the fixed dose of 20 μg/kg in pediatric patients with the concomitant administration of netupitant. A total of 92 pediatric cancer patients receiving either HEC or MEC will be enrolled in the study. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Signed written informed consent by parent(s)/legal guardians of the pediatric patient in compliance with the local laws and regulations. In addition signed children's assent form according to local requirements. 2. Male or female in- or out-patient from birth to \< 18 years at the time of randomization. 3. Patient weight at least 3.3 kg. 4. Naïve or non-naïve patient with histologically, and/or cytologically (or imaging in the case of brain tumors) confirmed malignant disease. 5. Scheduled and eligible to receive at least one moderately or highly emetogenic chemotherapeutic agent on Day 1 only or for multiple days. 6. For patient aged ≥ 10 years: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status (ECOG PS) ≤ 2. 7. For patient aged 2 years with known mild to moderate hepatic impairment: in the Investigator's opinion the impairment does not jeopardize patient's safety during the study. 8. For patient aged 2 years with known mild to moderate renal impairment: in the Investigator's opinion the impairment should not jeopardize patient's safety during the study. 9. For patient with known history or predisposition to cardiac abnormalities: in the Investigator's opinion the history/predisposition should not jeopardize patient's safety during the study. 10. If the patient is female, she shall: a) not have attained menarche yet or b) have attained menarche and have a negative pregnancy test at the screening visit and at Day 1. 11. Male or female fertile patient using reliable contraceptive measures (such measures, for patient and sexual partner, include: implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, intrauterine devices, vasectomized/sterilized partner, use of a double-barrier method or sexual abstinence). The patient and his/her parent(s)/legal guardians must be counseled on the importance of avoiding pregnancy before or during the study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. The patient and/or parents/caregivers are expected by the Investigator to be non-compliant with the study procedures. 2. Patient has received or is scheduled to receive total body irradiation, total nodal irradiation, upper abdomen radiotherapy, half or upper body irradiation, radiotherapy of the cranium, craniospinal regions, head and neck, lower thorax region or the pelvis within 1 week prior to study entry (Day 1) or within 120 h after start of chemotherapy administration on Day 1. 3. Known history of allergy to any component or other contraindications to any Neurokinin-1 (NK1) or 5-hydroxytryptamine 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonists. 4. Active infection. 5. Uncontrolled medical condition (e.g., uncontrolled insulin dependent diabetes mellitus). 6. Patient suffering from ongoing vomiting from any organic etiology (including patients with history of gastric outlet obstruction or intestinal obstruction due to adhesions or volvulus, patients with a symptomatic central nervous system(CNS) tumor causing nausea and/or vomiting) or patient with hydrocephalus. 7. Patient who experienced any vomiting, retching, or nausea within 24 h prior to the administration of the study drug 8. Patient who received any drug with potential anti-emetic effect within 24 h prior to the start of reference chemotherapy, including but not limited to: NK1- receptor antagonists (e.g., aprepitant or any other new drug of this class); 5-HT3 receptor antagonists (e.g., ondansetron, granisetron, dolasetron, tropisetron, ramosetron); Benzamides (e.g., metoclopramide, alizapride); Phenothiazines (e.g., prochlorperazine, promethazine, perphenazine, fluphenazine, chlorpromazine, thiethylperazine); Benzodiazepines initiated 48 h prior to study drug administration or expected to be received within 120 h following initiation of chemotherapy, except for single doses of midazolam, temazepam or triazolam; Butyrophenones (e.g., droperidol, haloperidol); Anticholinergics (e.g., scopolamine, with the exception of inhaled anticholinergics for respiratory disorders e.g., ipratropium bromide); Antihistamines (e.g., diphenhydramine, cyclizine, hydroxyzine, chlorpheniramine, dimenhydrinate, meclizine); Domperidone; Mirtazapine; Olanzapine; Prescribed cannabinoids (e.g., tetrahydrocannabinol, nabilone); Over the Counter (OTC) antiemetics, OTC cold or OTC allergy medications; Herbal preparations containing ephedra or ginger. 9. Patient who received palonosetron within 1 week prior to administration of study drug. 10. Patient who has been started on systemic corticosteroid therapy within 72 h prior to study drug administration or is planned to receive a corticosteroid as part of the chemotherapy regimen 11. Patient aged \< 6 years who received any investigational drug (defined as a medication with no marketing authorization granted for any age class and any indication) within 90 days prior to Day 1, or patient aged 6 years who received any investigational drug within 30 days prior to Day 1 or is expected to receive investigational drugs prior to study completion. 12. Intake of alcohol, food or beverages (e.g., grapefruit, cranberry, pomegranate and aloe vera juices, German chamomile) known to interfere with either CYP3A4 or CYP2D6 metabolic enzymes within 1 week prior to Day 1 and during the overall study period. 13. Use of any drugs or substances known to be strong or moderate inhibitors of CYP3A4 and CYP2D6 enzymes within 1 week prior to Day 1 or planned to be used during the overall study period. 14. Use of any drugs or substances known to be CYP3A4 substrates with narrow therapeutic range within 1 week prior to Day 1, or planned to be used during the overall study period. 15. Use of any drugs or substances known to be inducers of CYP3A4 enzymes within 4 weeks prior to Day 1 or planned to be used during the overall study period. 16. Lactating female patient. 17. Patient with clinically relevant abnormal laboratory values that in the Investigator's opinion jeopardize the patient's safety during the study. 18. Patient aged \< 2 years with known hepatic impairment (any grade), or patient aged 2 years with known severe hepatic impairment. 19. Patient aged \< 2 years with known renal impairment (any grade), or patient aged 2 years with known severe renal impairment. 20. Enrolment in a previous study with netupitant (either alone or in combination with palonosetron).
Study of PK/PD, Safety and Tolerability of LIK066 in Patients With Decreased Renal Function. An Open-label, Parallel-group Study to Assess the Effect of LIK066 on Urinary Glucose Excretion, Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability Following Multiple Dose Administration in Patients With Decreased Renal Function Compared to Subjects With Normal Renal Function The purpose of this trial was to evaluate whether the study drug, LIK066, causes glucose excretion in urine in patients with varying degrees of decreased kidney function and in subjects with normal kidney function. Blood samples were collected to measure the concentrations of LIK066 and to study the pharmacokinetics of LIK066. Pharmacokinetics is meant to study how LIK066 is absorbed, distributed and eliminated, in other words what the body does to the drug. The results of this study may be used to help determine whether LIK066 can be used to treat people with reduced kidney function and the proper dosing regimen. Inclusion Criteria: * Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed. * Male and female subjects age 18-78 years, inclusive, with controlled health condition as determined by past medical history, physical examination, electrocardiogram and laboratory test at screening. * patients with Type 2 diabetes, HbA1c \<10% at screening. * Body mass index (BMI) ≤ 50 kg/m\^2 at screening. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with Type 1 diabetes * Evidence of clinically significant liver function test: ALT, AST, gamma-GT, alkaline phosphatase \>3 X ULN; serum bilirubin \> 1.5 X ULN. * Patients undergoing any method of dialysis * clinically significant GI disorder related to malabsorption or that may affect drug or glucose absorption. * subjects who experienced ketoacidosis, lactic acidosis or hyperosmolar coma within 6 months of screening visit.
Effectiveness of an Adaptive Treatment Model for At-risk Family Caregivers Adaptive Intervention for At-risk Family Caregivers This study will develop and evaluate the effectiveness of an adaptive treatment model for reducing the stress of, and burden on, family members caring for a person with dementia. Caring for a person with dementia can be a highly stressful experience associated with a variety of negative outcomes. Family caregivers are more likely than noncaregivers to experience symptoms of depression and anxiety, feelings of anger, and health problems. Although there are multiple treatment models to address the adverse mental and physical health outcomes associated with caregiving, most do not account for the specific risk and protective factor differences among caregivers of people with dementia. Such models provide the same treatment to all participants and have demonstrated only limited success in this high-risk caregiver population. An adaptive treatment model based on the Stress Process Model of caregiving, which emphasizes that there are multiple factors that affect stress, social support, and mental health, may better meet the needs of family caregivers. This study will first develop an adaptive treatment model, based on the Stress Process Model, for family caregivers of a person suffering from dementia. The study will then evaluate the effectiveness of each component of the adaptive treatment model in improving negative outcomes in the family caregivers. This study will be conducted in two phases. Phase 1 will be used to develop an adaptive treatment model and risk report from which tailored treatment will be prescribed to participants in Phase 2. Participants in Phase 1 will attend four 90-minute interviews over 4 months. The first three interviews will be held in the first 3 to 4 weeks of the study and the last will be about 3 months later. In the first interview, participants will be asked about their experiences caring for their relatives, physical and emotional well-being, and ideas on helpful types of assistance. In the second and third interviews, participants will discuss their caregiving situations in more detail and will receive information about programs and services that may help them carry out caregiving activities. During the final interview, participants will again be asked about their experiences caring for their relatives. Phase 2 of the study will test the adaptive treatment model developed in Phase 1. Participants in Phase 2 will attend an initial and final interview and up to 10 planning sessions. Each interview or planning session will last 60 to 75 minutes and will be tailored to the risks of each individual caregiver. During planning sessions, participants will discuss their caregiving situations in more detail, learn strategies to deal with stress, and receive information about programs and services that may help in carrying out caregiving activities. The strategies that participants will learn may include the following: new skills for communicating with the person receiving care, reflecting upon ways to reduce the impact of the changes that caregiving has had on their lives, learning more effective ways of communicating their own needs to other family members and friends, and identifying which types of services might be useful in caring for the person with dementia. The Phase 2 interviews will be the same as the initial and final interviews of Phase 1. Inclusion Criteria: * Primary caregiver of a person suffering from any type of dementia and living in the community Exclusion Criteria: * Primary caregiver of person with late- or end-of-life stage dementia * Primary caregiver of person with dementia who lives in skilled nursing care environment * Primary caregiver is under the age of 18
Fludarabine, Cyclophosphamide, and Total-Body Irradiation Followed by Cyclosporine and Mycophenolate Mofetil in Treating Patients Who Are Undergoing a Donor Umbilical Cord Blood Transplant for Hematologic Cancer Non-Myeloablative Conditioning and Unrelated Umbilical Cord Blood Transplantation for Children and Adults With Serious Oncohematologic Diseases RATIONALE: Giving low doses of chemotherapy, such as fludarabine and cyclophosphamide, and radiation therapy before a donor umbilical cord blood stem cell transplant helps stop the growth of cancer cells. It also stops the patient's immune system from rejecting the donor's stem cells. The donated stem cells may replace the patient's immune system and help destroy any remaining cancer cells (graft-versus-tumor effect). Sometimes the transplanted cells from a donor can also make an immune response against the body's normal cells. Giving cyclosporine and mycophenolate mofetil after transplant may stop this from happening. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying how well giving fludarabine and cyclophosphamide together with total-body irradiation followed by cyclosporine and mycophenolate mofetil works in treating patients who are undergoing a donor umbilical cord blood transplant for hematologic cancer. OBJECTIVES: * Determine the frequency, extent, and rate of donor (myeloid and lymphoid) engraftment in patients with serious hematologic malignancies treated with nonmyeloablative conditioning regimen comprising fludarabine, cyclophosphamide, and low-dose total-body irradiation followed by unrelated allogeneic umbilical cord blood transplantation and post-transplant immunosuppression comprising cyclosporine and mycophenolate mofetil. * Correlate clinical and umbilical cord blood-related factors with engraftment in patients treated with this regimen. * Determine transplant-related complications, in terms of toxicity, myelosuppression, infections, and acute and chronic graft-versus-host disease, in patients treated with this regimen. * Determine disease-free and overall survival of patients treated with this regimen. * Determine treatment-related mortality of patients treated with this regimen. OUTLINE: This is a uncontrolled, pilot study. * Nonmyeloablative conditioning regimen: Patients receive fludarabine IV over 30 minutes daily on days -6 to -2 and cyclophosphamide IV over 2 hours on day -6 and undergo low-dose total-body irradiation (TBI) on day 0. * Unrelated allogeneic umbilical cord blood transplantation (UCBT): After completion of TBI, patients undergo 1 or 2 unrelated allogeneic UCBTs on day 0. * Post-transplant immunosuppression: Patients receive oral or IV cyclosporine daily beginning on day -3 and continuing until day 180 and oral or IV mycophenolate mofetil twice daily on days 0-30. Patients are followed periodically for 1 year after transplantation. PROJECTED ACCRUAL: A total of 20 patients will be accrued for this study. DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS: * Diagnosis of 1 of the following hematologic malignancies: * Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with or without history of myelodysplastic syndromes, meeting 1 of the following criteria: * In first complete remission (CR-1) with unfavorable cytogenetics and/or achieved CR-1 after ≥ 1 course of induction therapy * Secondary or treatment-related AML * In second or further complete remission * Relapsed with ≤ 20% blasts in the bone marrow AND no circulating blasts * Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), meeting 1 of the following criteria: * In CR-1 with unfavorable cytogenetics or elevated WBC at presentation OR failed to achieve CR-1 after ≥ 4 weeks of induction therapy * In second or further complete remission * Relapsed with ≤ 20% blasts in the bone marrow AND no circulating blasts * Other acute leukemic variants allowed at the discretion of the principal investigator * Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), meeting 1 of the following criteria: * In first chronic phase AND refractory to or unable to tolerate imatinib mesylate * In second or further chronic phase * In first or second accelerated phase * Myelodysplastic syndromes with intermediate 2- or high-risk International Prognosis Scoring System (IPSS) score, including any of the following: * Refractory anemia * Refractory anemia with excess blasts * Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia * Myeloproliferative disorders with poor prognosis, including any of the following: * Myelofibrosis with myeloid metaplasia * No ≥ grade 3 myelofibrosis * Atypical CML * Juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia * Other clonal hemopathies with an accepted poor prognosis * Multiple myeloma with chromosome 13 abnormalities and/or progression after prior autologous bone marrow transplantation (BMT) * Chronic lymphocytic leukemia, meeting 1 of the following criteria: * Primary refractory OR relapsed and refractory disease (less than partial remission) * Relapsed twice on or after prior chemotherapy * Lymphoma, meeting both of the following criteria: * Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in \> CR-1 OR failed primary induction * Chemosensitive disease, defined as \> 50% reduction in mass size after the most recent chemotherapy * Must meet ≥ 1 of the following criteria: * Over 45 years of age * Has undergone prior autologous or allogeneic BMT * Charlson\^ comorbidity score ≥ 2 * Must have a high degree of tumor control (salvage therapy allowed) * At high risk for treatment-related mortality with a myeloablative conditioning regimen * No massive splenomegaly * Patients may become eligible after splenectomy or radiotherapy to the spleen * No 5/6 or 6/6 HLA-matched related donor available * No well-matched (i.e., ≥ 9/10 HLA match by high-resolution typing) unrelated donor available PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Performance status * Not specified Life expectancy * Not specified Hematopoietic * See Disease Characteristics Hepatic * Bilirubin ≤ 2 times upper limit of normal (ULN) * Transaminases ≤ 4 times ULN (unless due to underlying disease) Renal * Creatinine clearance ≥ 50 mL/min Cardiovascular * Ejection fraction ≥ 30% Pulmonary * DCLO ≥ 35% Other * Negative pregnancy test * No uncontrolled viral, bacterial, or fungal infection * HIV negative PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY: Biologic therapy * See Disease Characteristics Chemotherapy * See Disease Characteristics Radiotherapy * See Disease Characteristics Other * At least 3 months since prior immunosuppressive therapy * At least 10 days since prior salvage therapy for patients not in at least morphologic or radiologic complete remission
A Study Investigating the Efficacy and Safety of Lampalizumab Intravitreal Injections in Participants With Geographic Atrophy Secondary to Age-Related Macular Degeneration A Phase III, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Masked, Sham-Controlled Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Lampalizumab Administered Intravitreally to Patients With Geographic Atrophy Secondary to Age-Related Macular Degeneration This study is a Phase III, double-masked, multicenter, randomized, sham injection-controlled study evaluating the efficacy and safety of lampalizumab administered by intravitreal injections in participants with geographic atrophy (GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Inclusion Criteria: * Well demarcated area(s) of Geographic Atrophy (GA) secondary to Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD) with no evidence of prior or active choroidal neovascularization (CNV) in both eyes Exclusion Criteria: Ocular Exclusion Criteria: Study Eye * History of vitrectomy surgery, submacular surgery, or other surgical intervention for AMD * Previous laser photocoagulation for CNV, diabetic macular edema, retinal vein occlusion, and proliferative diabetic retinopathy * Previous intravitreal drug delivery (intravitreal corticosteroid injection, anti-angiogenic drugs, anti-complement agents, or device implantation) Ocular Exclusion Criteria: Both Eyes * GA in either eye due to causes other than AMD * Previous treatment with eculizumab, lampalizumab and/or fenretinide
Safety Surveillance of VaxigripTetra® and Efluelda® Influenza Vaccines in Europe During the Influenza Season 2022/23 Enhanced Passive Safety Surveillance of VaxigripTetra® (Quadrivalent Inactivated Split Virion Influenza Vaccine, Intramuscular Route) and Efluelda® (High-dose Quadrivalent Inactivated Split Virion Influenza Vaccine, Intramuscular Route) Vaccines in Europe During the Influenza Season 2022/23. This is an enhanced passive safety surveillance conducted in routine clinical care setting. Spontaneously reported ADRs will be collected by study staff following routine vaccination. The primary objective of this surveillance is to estimate the vaccinee reporting rate (RR) of suspected adverse drug reactions (ADRs) occurring within 7 days following routine vaccination with VaxigripTetra® and Efluelda®, respectively, during the Northern Hemisphere (NH) influenza season 2022/23. The secondary objectives of the study are: * To estimate the vaccinee reporting rate of suspected ADRs occurring within 7 days following routine vaccination with VaxigripTetra® and Efluelda®, respectively, according to the pre-defined age groups (not applicable for Efluelda®) * To estimate the vaccinee reporting rate of serious suspected ADRs after vaccination with VaxigripTetra® and Efluelda®, respectively, at any time following vaccination, within the EPSS Study duration per participant 2 months (including 6 weeks for VC distribution + 2 weeks for vaccinee reporting) following the first vaccination Inclusion Criteria: * There are no formal inclusion criteria. Individuals who approach the site for vaccination and agree to receive a vaccination card will be included and vaccinated with the respective vaccine brand according to the country of their location, * recommendations for the individual vaccines as well as national recommendations Exclusion Criteria: * none
A Study of LY2409021 Formulations in Healthy Participants A Single Dose Pharmacokinetic Study of LY2409021 in Healthy Subjects to Bridge Formulations From Capsules to Commercial Tablets The purpose of this study is to measure how much of the new LY2409021 tablet formulations get into the blood stream and how long it takes the body to get rid of them, compared to the current LY2409021 capsule formulation. In addition, the safety and tolerability of both the new and current formulations will be evaluated. Information about any side effects that may occur will also be collected. The study has two parts. Each participant may enroll in one part only. The study will last up to 8 weeks for each participant. Screening is required prior to the start of the study. Inclusion Criteria: * Overtly healthy males or surgically sterile or postmenopausal females, as determined by medical history and physical examination * Have a body mass index (BMI) of 18.0 to 32.0 kilogram per square meter (kg/m\^2) * Have clinical laboratory test results within normal reference range for the population or investigator site, or results with acceptable deviations that are judged to be not clinically significant by the investigator Exclusion Criteria: * Have known allergies to LY2409021, related compounds or any components of the formulation, or history of significant atopy * Have an abnormality in the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the opinion of the investigator, increases the risks associated with participating in the study * Have known or ongoing psychiatric disorders
The Association Between Kristeller Maneuver and Pelvic Floor Trauma After Vaginal Delivery The Association Between Fundal Pressure in Second Stage of Labor (Kristeller Maneuver) and and Pelvic Floor Trauma After Vaginal Delivery We want to investigate the association between fundal pressure in the second stage and the risk of levator ani muscle (LAM) injury. We will recruit women immediately following their first vaginal delivery. Women who underwent Kristeller maneuver will be recruit as cases. For each case, a control (no fundal pressure) will be recruit matched by BMI, second stage duration and birthweight. All women will be invited to undergo a postpartum 3D transperineal ultrasound (TPUS). The main outcome measure will be the presence of LAM avulsion at 3D TPUS. TPUS results will be compared between cases and controls. Inclusion Criteria: * First delivery * Term pregnancy (37-41w) Exclusion Criteria: * Instrumental vaginal delivery * Multifetal pregnancy * Previous vaginal or cesarean delivery * Refused consent and uncooperative patient for effective Valsalva maneuver * Handicap in lithotomy position * Women without regular and active contractions * Epidural analgesia
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and the Development of Ongoing Muscle Pain Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and the Development of Ongoing Muscle Pain The main purpose of the study is to assess the mechanisms of repeated sessions of repetitive trancranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the development of pain in a prolonged muscle pain model. This study aims to investigate whether i) rTMS of left DLPFC will reduce the severity and duration of experimentally induced muscle pain when a 5-day course of treatment is given immediately following an initial nerve growth factor (NGF) injection; ii) the analgesic effects of left DLPFC rTMS will be related to an improved cognitive network function as assessed by electroencephalography (EEG). Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy men and women * Speak and understand English. Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnancy * Drug addiction defined as the use of cannabis, opioids or other drugs * Previous neurologic, musculoskeletal or mental illnesses * Lack of ability to cooperate * History of chronic pain or current acute pain * Previous experience with rTMS * Contraindications to rTMS application (history of epilepsy, metal in the head or jaw etc.). * Failure to pass the "TASS questionnaire" (TASS = Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Adult Safety Screen)
Efficacy and Safety of Eupasidin-s Tab.(EUPASIDIN-S) in Gastritis Patients A Phase 4, Multicenter, Randomized, Open, Active Drug Comparative Trial to Evaluated the Efficacy and Safety of EUPASIDIN-S Tab. in Gastritis Patients The purpose of this study is evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of EUPASIDIN-S Tab. in Gastritis Patients. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age is 19 years old and over, men or women 2. Patients diagnosed with acute or chronic gastritis by gastroscopy and need a treatment for gastritis symptoms 3. Patients with one or more erosions found by gastroscopy 4. Patients who voluntarily signed written informed consent may participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients with peptic ulcer and gastroesophageal reflux disease 2. Patients with Gastrointestinal malignant tumor or surgery related to stomach resection 3. Patients with thromboembolism and coagulation disorder 4. Patients with significant cardiovascular, pulmonary, heptic, renal primary disease 5. Patients with abnormal laboratory result at screening * Aspartate aminotransferase(AST), Alanine aminotransferase(ALT), Creatinine \> upper limit of normal range x 2 * White blood cell(WBC) \< 4,000/mm3 * Platelet \< 50,000/mm3 6. Patients administered with H2 receptor antagonists, proton pump inhibitors, muscarine receptor antagonists, other gastiritis treatment drug, protective factor builder, non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs prior to study in 2 weeks 7. History of allergic reaction to the investigational product 8. Women either pregnant, breast feeding or possible to pregnant without contraceptive method 9. Use of other investigational drugs within 3 months prior to the study 10. Patients that investigators consider ineligible for this study
Safety of and Immune Response to a Bird Flu Virus Vaccine (H9N2) in Healthy Adults (Study A) Phase I Inpatient Study of the Safety and Immunogenicity of H9N2 (6-2) AA ca Reassortant (A/Chicken/Hong Kong/G9/97 x A/Ann Arbor/6/60 ca), a Live Attenuated Virus Vaccine Candidate for Prevention of Avian Influenza H9N2 Infection in the Event of a Pandemic (Study A) Avian influenza (AI), or bird flu, has recently become a major health concern in Asia and other parts of the world. The purpose of this study is to test the safety of and immune response to a new AI vaccine in healthy adults. Study hypothesis: Influenza A viruses are widely distributed in nature and infect a wide variety of birds and mammals. The direct transmission of avian influenza viruses from birds to humans has recently become a major health concern in Asia and other parts of the world, raising concern of a possible influenza pandemic in humans. This vaccine will evaluate the safety, infectivity and immunogenicity of Live Influenza A vaccine H9N2 (6-2) AA ca reassortant (A/chicken/Hong Kong/G9/97 x A/Ann Arbor/6/60 ca), a cold-adapted, live attenuated virus vaccine administered intranasally for the protection of humans against pandemic influenza viruses of the H9N2 subtype. AI viruses in their natural reservoir in waterfowl are the source from which novel HA and NA subtypes are introduced into the human population, and have the potential to initiate an influenza pandemic. This study will evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a live, attenuated, cold-adapted reassortant AI virus vaccine, H9N2 (6-2) AA ca Reassortant (A/chicken/Hong Kong/G9/97 x A/Ann Arbor/6/60 ca). Patient participation in this study will be for at least 60 days, with patients followed for at least 42 days after vaccination. In this study, participants will be enrolled sequentially, from highest to lowest dose of vaccine, into one of three groups. At study entry at Day 0, participants will be admitted to the hospital in order to familiarize them with trial procedures. Blood and nasal wash samples will be collected prior to vaccination. On Day 2, participants will have a physical exam and will receive one dose of vaccine; the vaccine will be administered as nose drops. Participants will undergo directed physical examinations daily while they are in the hospital. Nasal washes will also be collected daily from the day of admission through the day prior to discharge to test for the presence of vaccine virus. Participants may be discharged from the hospital after 3 consecutive negative viral cultures, but not before Day 14. Additional blood collection will occur daily from Day 0 to Day 7 and again on Day 21. Participants will return for follow-up visits 28 to 32 days and 42 to 46 days after receiving the vaccine. Blood and nasal wash collection will occur at these 2 study visits, and participants will also have directed physical exams. Depending on the immune response to the first dose of vaccine, some participants may be asked to return to the hospital 1 to 2 months after their first vaccination to receive an additional dose of vaccine. Inclusion Criteria: * Born after 1968 * Good general health * Available for the duration of the trial Exclusion Criteria: * Clinically significant neurologic, cardiac, pulmonary, hepatic, rheumatologic, autoimmune, or renal disease * Behavioral, cognitive, or psychiatric disease that, in the opinion of the investigator, affects the ability of the volunteer to understand and cooperate with the study * Liver, renal, or hematologic disease * Alcohol or drug abuse within 12 months of study entry * History of severe allergic reaction or anaphylaxis * Current asthma or reactive airway disease * History of Guillain-Barre syndrome * HIV-1 infected * Hepatitis C virus infected * Positive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) * Known immunodeficiency syndrome * Use of corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs within 30 days of study entry. Participants who have used topical corticosteroids are not excluded. * Live vaccine within 4 weeks of study entry * Killed vaccine within 2 weeks of study entry * Absence of spleen * Blood products within 6 months of study entry * Current smoker * Have traveled to the Southern Hemisphere or Asia within 30 days prior to study entry * Have traveled on a cruise ship within 30 days prior to study entry * Work in the poultry industry * Investigational agents within 60 days prior to study entry, or currently participating in another investigational vaccine or drug trial * Allergy to eggs or egg products * Purified protein derivative (PPD) positive (positive tuberculosis \[TB\] test) * Family member with immunodeficiency * Other condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, would affect the participant's participation in the study * Pregnant or breastfeeding
Influence of the Education in Layperson in Out of Hospital Resuscitation Influence of the Education in Layperson Resuscitation and Preparation the Patrol Car of the City Police With Automatic External Defibrillators and Automated Ventilation Equipment on Out of Hospital Resuscitation Outcome Cardiac arrest occurs frequently and the outcome after out-of-hospital resuscitation is often fatal. Disturbing is that more than half of the surviving patients suffer from permanent impairment of cognitive functions, such attention, memory and executive functioning. With all the efforts to achieve a high quality initial resuscitation management the time delay between cardiac arrest and the beginning the initial resuscitation maneuver is the main reason for the still poor outcome. To shorten this fatal time delay, current efforts of national and supranational health authorities aime at the non-medically trained lay person, who should carry out basic life support directly on the scene supported by the use of public available semi-automatic defibrillators (AED). It is a combined retrospective and prospective observational single center study. Data of all Out of Hospital patients suffered a cardiac arrest in Zurich city will be collected according to the Utstein criteria. The aim of this study is to investigate the impact of trained police forces in the resuscitation outcome. Inclusion Criteria: * All Out of hospital patients suffering cardiac arrest in Zurich City, resuscitated by lay persons, city police and or trained emergency medical services Exclusion Criteria: * individuals with cardiac arrest occurring in the presence of EMS * individuals in whom there were apparent toxic, traumatic or suicidal etiologies for unconsciousness * drowned individuals and individuals with terminal illness * documented negation of data collection
Saline Bag and TEE During Cardiac Displacement Placing a Saline Bag Underneath the Heart Enhances Transgastric Transoesophageal Echocardiographic Imaging During Cardiac Displacement for Off-pump Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery During cardiac displacement for off-pump coronary artery bypass(OPCAB) surgery, the presence of air underneath the displaced heart compromises the transgastric (TG) window for transoesophageal echocardiography(TOE). The investigators hypothesised that placing a saline-filled glove would enhance TG transmission of ultrasound and facilitate TOE imaging for monitoring left-ventricular regional wall motion (LV-RWM). For left circumflex coronary artery (LCX) grafting in OPCAB surgery (n=13), mid-oesophageal (ME) and TG TOE images are recorded before cardiac displacement (T control), after displacing and stabilising the heart (T-displaced), and after placing a saline bag (saline-filled surgical glove) underneath the displaced heart (T-saline bag). Following data are determined by integrated TG and ME TOE views (ME+TG) at T-control, T-displaced and T-saline bag: number of readable segments (NRS) in a 17-segment model; NRSs in basal and mid-TG short axis views; NRS in 5-LV segments of the LCX territory; the incidence of inadequate monitoring of LV-RWM (NRS \< 14/16 except for the apex in 17-segment model). A multi-plane TOE probe (6T, GE Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI, USA) is inserted immediately after anaesthesia induction. One of authors (anaesthesiologist) performs the routine intraoperative TOE study, including analysis of RWM, using the 17-segment LV model 11-14 and a TOE imaging system (Vivid 7, GE Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI, USA) and the following six TOE images: ME 4-chamber (4-CH), ME 2-chamber (2-CH), ME long-axis (LAX), mid and basal TG short-axis (SAX), and TG LAX. For the present study, the three-beat clips of two-dimensional (2D) mid-oesophageal (ME) views, including ME 4-chamber (ME 4-CH), ME 2-chamber (ME 2-CH), and ME long-axis (ME-LAX) views, and those of transgastric (TG) views, including the basal TG short-axis (basal TG SAX), mid short-axis (mid TG SAX), and TG-LAX views, are stored on the hard disc of the TOE imaging system as digital recordings at each of the following time points: (i) T-control: during harvesting the vascular grafts after sternotomy. (ii) T-displaced: after completion of cardiac displacement and stabilisation for the distal graft construction to the LCX territory by stabilisers to maintain both maximal surgical access and minimal haemodynamic instability under the guidance of haemodynamic monitoring. (iii) T-saline bag: after placing the saline bag underneath the displaced heart and further fine positioning. Using a program (EchoPAC, GE Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI,), a cardiologist, who is unaware of the aim of the present study, undertook a postoperative off-line analysis of the stored images to determine the following data under T-control, T-displaced, and T-saline bag conditions: 1) NRS out of a LV 17-segment model using ME views only and integrated ME+TG views; 2) NRS out of five LV segments in the LCX territory including basal inferolateral, mid-inferolateral, basal anterolateral, mid anterolateral, and apical lateral segments using ME views only and integrated ME + TG views; 3) NRS out of six LV segments in the TG basal SAX view, including basal anterior, basal anterolateral, basal anteroseptal, basal inferior, basal inferolateral, and basal inferoseptal segment; 4) NRS out of six LV segments in the TG mid-SAX view, including mid-anterior, mid-anterolateral, mid-anteroseptal, mid-inferior, mid-inferolateral, and mid-inferoseptal segments; and 5) the incidence (%) of inadequate RWM monitoring, defined as fewer than 14 out of the 17 segment model (except for the apex) were readable, using the integrated ME + TG views. Each LV segment is defined as readable/unreadable when more than 50% of the endocardial and epicardial borders were visible/invisible or more than 90% of endocardial border was visible or 10% was invisible. The primary objectives of the present study are to evaluate the efficacy of placing a saline filled glove in enhancing TOE's ability for global and regional LV RWM monitoring and to determine NRS out of the LV 17-segment model using ME views alone and integrated ME+TG views. As secondary objectives, NRS out of five LV segments in the LCX territory by using ME views alone vs. integrated ME+TG views as well as NRS out of six LV segments in the TG SAX view are determined, to confirm whether TG TOE imaging can be applied for regional LV RWM monitoring during cardiac displacement. The incidence (%) of inadequate RWM monitoring in 17-segment model using ME views alone vs. integrated ME+TG views is also compared to determine whether the possible increase in NRS facilitates the adequate TOE imaging. Inclusion criteria: * three-vessel disease during a week at a tertiary university hospital participated in this prospective observational study after we obtained institutional review board approval (KUH1160037) and written consent. Exclusion criteria: * patients with oesophageal pathology (such as spasm, stricture, laceration, perforation, and diverticula), * diaphragmatic hernia, * history of extensive radiation to the mediastinum and upper gastrointestinal bleeding are excluded. Intraoperative exclusion criteria for the study are patients with inadequate RWM monitoring, defined as fewer than 14 out of the 17 segment LV model, except for the apex, are readable using the integrated ME and TG TOE images immediately after TOE probe insertion and patients who required cardiopulmonary bypass due to severe myocardial ischaemia and haemodynamic instability during cardiac displacement.
Effect of Intravenous Hyoscine Butylbromide Injection on First Stage Labour in Primigavidae Effect of Intravenous Hyoscine Butylbromide Injection on the Course and Duration of First Stage of Labour in Primigavidae A case control study conducted on 120 women coming to Cairo University Maternity Hospital .Patients who meet the inclusion criteria were asked to participate in the study and a verbal consent was obtained from each patient. Patients will be divided into three equal groups (A, B, C). A single dose of the drug (placebo or HBB 20mg or HBB 40 mg) will be injected intravenously slowly to groups A, B, C respectively. Labouring mothers will be monitored in bed. Vaginal examination will be conducted every two hours. The duration of the first stage was calculated from the time of cervical dilatation of three to four centimeters in active labour until a fully dilated cervix will be observed A case control study conducted on 120 women coming to Cairo University Maternity Hospital .Patients who meet the inclusion criteria were asked to participate in the study and a verbal consent was obtained from each patient. Patients will be divided into three equal groups (A, B, C). A single dose of the drug (placebo or HBB 20mg or HBB 40 mg) will be injected intravenously slowly to groups A, B, C respectively. Labouring mothers will be monitored in bed. Vaginal examination will be conducted every two hours. The duration of the first stage was calculated from the time of cervical dilatation of three to four centimeters in active labour until a fully dilated cervix will be observed Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age: 18 - 35 years old 2. Primigravdae. 3. Gestational age between completed 37- 41 weeks + 6 days. 4. Uncomplicated cephalic singleton pregnancy occipto-anterior position. 5. Established spontaneous active labour (defined as the presence of at least three regular uterine contractions over 10 minutes with cervical dilatation three to four centimeters) with cervical effacement not less than 50%. 6. Intact amniotic membranes. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Multigravidae. 2. Multiple fetus. 3. Malpresentation. 4. Patients with indications of elective caesarean section. 5. Medical conditions associated with pregnancy e.g. preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus. 6. Contraindications for hyoscine butylbromide which include known allergy to hyoscine or other atropinics (e.g., atropine, scopolamine), myasthenia gravis, megacolon or glaucoma. 7. Patients presented to causality with spontaneous rupture of membranes. 8. Spontaneous rupture of membranes during the active phase of first stage of labour. 9. Oxytocin induction or augmentation. 10. Patients who underwent epidural anesthesia or other types of analgesia.
Preemptive and Preventive Use of Paracetamol for Pain Relief After Cesarean Section A Double Blind Randomised Controlled Trial of Preemptive and Preventive Use of Paracetamol for Pain Relief After Cesarean Section The investigators designed a prospective randomized study to investigate the efficacy of intravenous (IV) preemptive versus preventive paracetamol on postoperative pain scores, patient satisfaction, total morphine consumption and the incidence of morphine-related side effects in patients undergoing cesarean section. Inclusion Criteria: 38 weeks pregnancy, elective cesarean section. - Exclusion Criteria: morbid obesity, cardiac failure, depression.
Homemade Yogurt Supplementation to Prevent Stunting Does Early Initiation of Homemade Yogurt Supplementation Prevents Stunting - a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial Stunting contributes substantially to child mortality and disease burden in low-income countries. In Bangladesh the prevalence of stunting among children \<5-years of age is high (36%) reaching 50% in slum areas. The pathogenesis of stunting is multifaceted, yet nutritional inadequacy and repeated infections are established risk factors of stunting. A three-arm randomized controlled trial in Dhaka's slum area is proposed. The children will be recruited from vaccination clinics. Infants at risk of stunting (-1 SD length-for-age z-score, LAZ) aged around 5 months are eligible for the study. Eligible children will be randomized to receive: 1) nutrition education on dietary diversity; 2) a combination of similar education plus daily supplementation of homemade yogurt; 3) a 'usual care' (control) group. The investigators will recruit 120 children (40 per arm). Intervention will be initiated a month before starting of complementary feeding with an educational session and will last 7 months during which a monthly educational session will be delivered at participant's household. The homemade yogurt supplementation will start a week after beginning of 6 months of age once the child is introduced to solid foods of the mother's choice. The yogurt will be supplied to the mothers every day at time of feeding. Feeding behaviors will be self-monitored using a pictorial calendar. Primary outcome (LAZ) and secondary outcomes (fecal bio-markers, WAZ, head circumference, and food diversity scores), will be measured at baseline (6 months), 9 months and 12 months of child age. Supplementation with homemade yogurt is a novel approach with the potential to improve infant gut environment, improve food absorption and thus potentially prevent stunting. Hypothesis: The investigators hypothesize that, continued breastfeeding, adequate complimentary feeding and supplementation with homemade yogurt have the potential to reduce stunting. Primary objective: The present study is aimed to assess the impact of low-cost nutritional strategies to prevent childhood malnutrition in Bangladesh. Specific objectives: 1. To compare differences in growth pattern (length-for-age z-score, weight-for age z-score, head circumference) of children at risk of stunting age 6-months between infants receiving educational program only, infants receiving education plus homemade yogurt supplementation and those receiving the "usual-care" (control). 2. To evaluate whether amount of gut microbiota necessary to improve gut health was associated with weight gain and growth in these children to support the casual mechanism behind this approach. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Infants at risk of developing stunting aged 5 months (-1SD LAZ) 2. All gender, religion, language and ethnicity 3. Infants born through normal delivery or cesarean section 4. Breastfeeding or non-breastfeeding Exclusion Criteria: 1. Stunting or wasting (\<-2SD LAZ) 2. Infants with any major congenital abnormality or any chronic conditions (e.g., rheumatic heart disease)
An Observational Study of Peginterferon Alfa-2a Plus Ribavirin for Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infection in Austria A Non-Interventional Trial of Pegasys/Copegus in HCV Patients for 12 Months This noninterventional, open-label study will observe the safety and tolerability of peginterferon alfa-2a in combination with ribavirin among Austrian participants treated for HCV infection according to routine practice. Inclusion Criteria: * Ongoing treatment with peginterferon alfa-2a and ribavirin at the discretion of the prescribing physician * HCV infection Exclusion Criteria: * None specified
A Study of Subcutaneously (SC) Administered Tocilizumab (TCZ) in Participants With Polyarticular-Course Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis (pJIA) A Phase Ib, Open-Label, Multicenter Study to Investigate the Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, and Safety of Tocilizumab Following Subcutaneous Administration to Patients With Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis This open-label, multicenter study evaluated the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety of SC administered TCZ in participants with pJIA. Inclusion Criteria: * Ages 1 year (12 years for participants in Russia) up to and including 17 years at screening * Diagnosis of pJIA according to International League of Associations for Rheumatology classification * Rheumatoid factor (RF)-positive pJIA * RF-negative pJIA * Extended oligoarticular JIA with a polyarticular course * History of inadequate clinical response (in the opinion of the treating physician) to or inability to tolerate methotrexate (MTX) * Participants currently receiving TCZ by the intravenous (IV) route of administration and with well-controlled disease do not require a period of discontinuation of IV TCZ and should have their first dose of SC TCZ administered on the date that their next IV TCZ infusion would be due. Participants participating in the study may be either naive to TCZ therapy or may be switching from IV to SC. The total number of participants switching from IV TCZ must account for no more than 50 percent (%) of the total participant number. To account for the baseline TCZ concentrations in these participants, information on the last 4 IV TCZ infusions prior to baseline will be collected * Concurrent treatment with disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) (including MTX), nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and oral corticosteroids are permitted at the discretion of the investigator * Females of childbearing potential and non-sterile males with female partner of childbearing potential must agree to use effective contraception as defined by protocol Exclusion Criteria: * Prior discontinuation of IV TCZ because of inadequate clinical response or safety events (including hypersensitivity) * Participants with poorly controlled disease (in the opinion of the treating physician) despite current treatment with IV TCZ * pJIA that is well controlled by any treatment agent other than TCZ (Juvenile Arthritis Disease Activity Score 71 \[JADAS-71\] less than or equal to (\< / =) 3.8) * Participants who are wheelchair-bound or bedridden * Any other auto-immune, rheumatic disease, or overlapping syndrome other than the permitted pcJIA subsets * Lack of recovery from recent surgery or an interval of \<6 weeks since surgery at the time of the screening visit * Females who are pregnant, lactating, or intending to become pregnant during study conduct * Any significant concurrent medical or surgical condition that would jeopardize the participant's safety or ability to complete the study * Known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection or other acquired forms of immune compromise or inborn conditions characterized by a compromised immune system * History of alcohol, drug, or chemical abuse within 6 months of screening * Any active acute, subacute, chronic, or recurrent bacterial, viral, or systemic fungal infection or any major episode of infection requiring hospitalization or treatment during screening or treatment with IV antibiotics completed within 4 weeks of the screening visit or oral antibiotics completed within 2 weeks of the screening visit * History of atypical tuberculosis (TB) or active TB requiring treatment within 2 years prior to screening visit * Positive purified protein derivative (PPD) at screen, unless treated with anti-TB therapy for at least 4 weeks prior to receiving study drug and chest radiograph is negative for active TB within 6 months of screening visit according to local practice * History of reactivation or new onset of a systemic infection such as herpes zoster or Epstein-Barr virus within 2 months of the screening visit * Hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis C antibody positivity or chronic viral or autoimmune hepatitis * History of concurrent serious gastrointestinal disorders such as ulcer or inflammatory bowel disease, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, or other symptomatic lower gastrointestinal conditions * History of or current cancer or lymphoma * Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus with elevated glycosylated hemoglobin * Active uveitis at screening * Inadequate hematologic, renal or liver function * Prior stem cell transplant at any time
A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of DNL343 in Healthy Volunteers A Phase 1, Single-Center, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of DNL343 In Healthy Volunteers This is a Phase 1 study carried out at a single site in 88 healthy male subjects and healthy female subjects of non childbearing potential to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics (PK) and pharmacodynamics (PD) of DNL343. This clinical trial information was submitted voluntarily under the applicable law and, therefore, certain submission deadlines may not apply. (That is, clinical trial information for this applicable clinical trial was submitted under section 402(j)(4)(A) of the Public Health Service Act and 42 CFR 11.60 and is not subject to the deadlines established by sections 402(j)(2) and (3) of the Public Health Service Act or 42 CFR 11.24 and 11.44.). Key Inclusion Criteria: * Women of non-childbearing potential and men; aged 18-50 years, inclusive * BMI 18-32 kg/m², inclusive, and body weight of at least 50 kg Key Exclusion Criteria: * History of clinically significant neurologic, psychiatric, endocrine, pulmonary, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, hepatic, pancreatic, renal, metabolic, hematologic, immunologic, or allergic disease, or other major disorders
Risk Factors for Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter Baumannii Risk Factors for Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter Baumannii It has been demonstrated that panresistant strains of Acinetobacter species may be selected by antibiotic use \[4\], may be transmitted from person to person \[5\], and may be passed via environmental contamination \[6\]. Surveillance for panresistant Acinetobacter species should be a priority, given the lack of antibiotic options for the treatment of these infections. There are currently no data on the antibiotic susceptibility of Acinetobacter species or on the rates of panresistant organisms. The elucidation of potential risk factors for resistant strains of Acinetobacter is therefore an important task, and the use of alternative antibiotics should be considered in ICUs where these strains are endemic. The elucidation of potential risk factors for resistant strains of Acinetobacter is therefore an important task, and the use of alternative antibiotics should be considered in ICUs where these strains are endemic.he following information will be collected: age, sex, occupation, hospital location at the time of positive culture (ER, medical ward, ICU etc), date of positive culture, prior hospitalization, receipt of outpatient dialysis, home care or other regular medical care (eg, outpatient chemotherapy), presence of invasive devices, receipt of antibiotics, including their type and whether they were adequate for the resistance profile of the organism, prior positive microbiologic cultures, time and location of positive cultures, underlying diseases and severity of illness, presence of urinary or intravascular devices, recent immunomodulative therapies or radiation therapy, physical exam findings, laboratory and radiographical data, antimicrobial usage within 30 days of onset of the infection, microbiological data and resistance patterns, choice of antibiotics once organism identified, bacteriological outcomes, laboratory results, demographic information, medications, clinical outcome,gender, height, weight, ethnicity, and past medical history. We will collect information retrospectively. Inclusion Criteria: * Positive cultures of carbapenem-resistant acinetobacter baumannii Exclusion Criteria: * Not meeting inclusion criteria
Study of Pemetrexed Versus Gefitinib in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non Small Cell Lung Cancer Who Have Previously Received Platinum-Based Chemotherapy Without Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutations Phase 2 Randomized, Controlled, Open-label Study of Pemetrexed Versus Gefitinib in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non Small Cell Lung Cancer Who Have Previously Received Platinum-Based Chemotherapy Without EGFR Mutations This study is a prospective trial of Alimta (pemetrexed) versus IRESSA (gefitinib) among epidermal growth factor receptor wild-type Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) patients in a 2nd line setting. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Informed consent must be signed. 2. At least 18 years of age. 3. Histologic or cytologic diagnosis of NSCLC. 4. Locally advanced or metastatic disease (stage IIIB, or IV) that is not amenable to definitive surgery or radiotherapy. 5. Patients must have previously received one platinum-based chemotherapy regimen for palliative therapy of locally advanced or metastatic disease. Patients are also eligible if they have received one platinum-based chemotherapy regimen as neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy and the disease recurred within six months since the finishing of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy. 6. Without EGFR mutations. 7. At least one measurable lesion as defined by RECIST criteria. 8. ECOG PS0 - 2. 9. Adequate organ function including the following: * bone marrow; * hepatic; * renal. 10. Prior chemotherapy must be completed at least 3 weeks prior to the study enrollment, and the patient must have recovered from the toxic effects of the treatment (except for alopecia). 11. Previous palliative radiation therapy is allowed, but limited in LESS 25% of the bone marrow and must not have included whole pelvis radiation. Patients must have recovered from the toxic effects of the treatment prior to study enrollment (except for alopecia). Prior radiotherapy must be completed one month before study entry. Radiotherapy should not be administered to target lesions selected for this study, unless progression of the selected target lesions within the radiation portal is documented. 12. Estimated life expectancy of at least 8 weeks. 13. For women: * must be surgically sterile; * postmenopausal; OR * compliant with a medically approved contraceptive regimen during and for 3 months after the treatment period; must have negative serum or urine pregnancy test and must not be lactating. 14. For men: * must be surgically sterile; OR * compliant with a contraceptive regimen during and for 3 months after the treatment period. 15. Patient compliance and geographic proximity that allow adequate follow-up. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Have received treatment within the last 30 days with a drug that has not received regulatory approval for any indication at the time of study entry or concurrent administration of any other anti-tumor therapy. 2. Have previously participated in a study involving pemetrexed or EGFR-TKI 3. Hypersensitivity to pemetrexed or gefitinib or any ingredients in the two drugs. 4. Symptomatic central nervous system (CNS) metastases and asymptomatic CNS metastases requiring concurrent corticosteroid therapy. Treated stable CNS metastases are allowed; the patient must be stable after radiotherapy for more than 2 weeks and off of corticosteroids for more than 1 week. . 5. History of another malignancy within the last 5 years except cured carcinoma in-situ of uterine cervix, cured basal cell carcinoma of skin and superficial bladder tumors (Ta, Tis and T1) 6. Lack of physical integrity of the upper gastrointestinal tract, or malabsorption syndrome, or inability to take oral medication, or have active peptic ulcer disease. 7. Patients with interstitial lung disease. 8. Any unstable systemic disease (including active infection, hepatic, renal or metabolic disease) or serious concomitant disorders that would compromise the safety of the patient, or compromise the patient's ability to complete the study, at the discretion of the investigator. 9. Significant cardiovascular event: congestive heart failure \>NYHA class 2; unstable angina, active CAD (myocardial infarction more than 1 year prior to study entry is allowed); serious cardiac arrhythmia requiring antiarrythmic therapy ( beta blockers or digoxin are permitted) or uncontrolled hypertension. 10. History of significant neurological or mental disorder, including seizures or dementia. 11. Incision from operation has not healed before the start of study treatment (Small incision for biopsy is eligible.) 12. Pregnant or breast-feeding women and childbearing potential women with either a positive or no pregnancy test within 48 hours of the start of treatment. Postmenopausal women must have been amenorrhoeic for at least 12 months to be considered of non-childbearing potential. 13. Concurrent use of St. John's Wort, Rifampicin, and/or ritonavir. 14. Inability to interrupt aspirin or other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) 2 days before, the day of, and 2 days after the dose of pemetrexed. If a patient is taking an NSAID (Cox-2 inhibitors included) or salicylate with a long half-life (e.g., naproxen, piroxicam, diflunisal, nabumetone, rofecoxib, or celecoxib) it should not be taken 5 days before, the day of, and 2 days after the dose of pemetrexed. 15. Presence of clinically detectable (by physical exam) third-space fluid collections, for example, ascites or pleural effusions that cannot be controlled by drainage or other procedures prior to study entry. 16. Inability or unwillingness to take folic acid, vitamin B12 supplementation, or dexamethasone.
Intraoperative Protective Ventilation for Obese Patients Undergoing Gynaecological Laparoscopic Surgery Intraoperative Protective Ventilation for Obese Patients Undergoing Gynaecological Laparoscopic Surgery. A Single-centre Randomized, Controlled Trial Background. The use of a comprehensive strategy providing low tidal volumes, peep and recruiting maneuvers in patients undergoing open abdominal surgery improves postoperative respiratory function and clinical outcome. It is unknown whether such ventilatory approach may be feasible and/or beneficial in patients undergoing laparoscopy, as pneumoperitoneum and Trendelenburg position may alter lung volumes and chest-wall elastance. Objective. The investigators designed a randomized, controlled trial to assess the effect of a lung-protective ventilation strategy on postoperative oxygenation in obese patients undergoing laparoscopic surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * scheduled for gynaecological laparoscopic surgery in the Trendelenburg position * Obesity with body mass index\>35 kg/m\^2 * written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Clinical history or signs of chronic heart failure * history of neuromuscular disease * history of thoracic surgery * pregnancy * chronic respiratory failure requiring long-term oxygen administration
Neurolinguistic Programming on Labor Pain The Effect of Neurolinguistic Programming on Labor Pain, Fear, Duration and Maternal Satisfaction THE EFFECT OF NEURO LINGUISTIC PROGRAMMING ON LABOUR PAIN, FEAR, DURATION AND MATERNAL SATISFACTION In this study, it is aimed to determine the effect of neuro linguistic programming on labour pain, fear, duration and maternal satisfaction. Sample size: * The sample size of the study is 124 (for primiparous=62, multiparous=62). * Frist, primiparous women who applied to the hospital for vaginal delivery will be divided into 2 arms as 31 experimental group and 31 control group. * Second, multiparous women who applied to the hospital for vaginal delivery will be divided into 2 arms as 31 experimental group and 31 control group. Data Collection Tools; * Introductory Information Form, * Visual Analog Scale for Pain, * Wijma Birth Expectation/Experience Scale B version, * Birth Satisfaction Scale Application time: * The neurolinguistic programming will be applied to the experimental group. NLP application will be done when the cervical opening is 4 cm, when the cervical opening is 5-6 cm, when the cervical opening is 7-8 cm.NLP application will be done three times in total. Each session will last 20 minutes * No neurolinguistic programming will be applied to the control group. Measurement time: * Introductory Information Form will be completed by the woman when the cervical dilatation is 3-4 cm. * VAS for pain will be measured before and immediately after the application when cervical dilatation is 4 cm; before and immediately after the application when cervical dilatation is 5-6 cm; before and immediately after the application when cervical dilatation is 7-8 cm; when cervical dilatation is 9-10 cm. * Wijma Birth Expectation/Experience Scale B version and Birth Satisfaction Scale will be completed by the woman in the postnatal ward at approximately the second hour postpartum after the birth has taken place. * The labour duration will be started for the mother who comes to the delivery room when the cervical opening is 4 cm and the total labour duration will be measured in minutes after the birth occurs. * The control group will not be administered NLP only, but the measurements will be completed as in the experimental group. Inclusion Criteria: * pregnant women who give birth vaginally, * whose birth takes place in the delivery room unit, * who are 19 years of age or older and 35 years of age or younger, * who are born at 37 and above gestational weeks, * who give singleton birth, * who do not have chronic diseases and any complications in this pregnancy and postpartum period Exclusion Criteria: * mothers who wish to leave the study voluntarily at any stage after being included in the study, * who develop any health problems in themselves or their babies during the birth and postnatal period will be excluded from the scope.
The Effects of Contact Lenses With Experimental Dye on Visual Function The Effects of Contact Lenses With Experimental Dye on Visual Function This is a single-site, two-visit, contralateral, non-dispensing, randomized, controlled and subject-masked study to measure potential benefits of the new UV blocker. Inclusion Criteria: - Potential subjects must satisfy all of the following criteria to be enrolled in the study: 1. The subject must read, understand, and sign the STATEMENT OF INFORMED CONSENT and receive a fully executed copy of the form. 2. Appear able and willing to adhere to the instructions set forth in this clinical protocol 3. Between 18 and 65 (inclusive) years of age at the time of screening. 4. Be a current spherical soft silicone hydrogel contact lens wearer in both eyes with a minimum of 6 hours/day and 5 days/week wear time over the last 30 days by self-report. 5. The subject's vertex-corrected spherical equivalent distance refraction must be in the range of -1.00 through -4.50 D in each eye. 6. The subject has a best corrected visual acuity of 20/25 or better in each eye. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Currently pregnant or breastfeeding. 2. Any ocular or systemic allergies or diseases that may interfere with contact lens wear. 3. Any autoimmune disease or use of medication, which may interfere with contact lens wear. Habitual medications used by successful soft contact lens wearers are considered acceptable. 4. Entropion, ectropion, extrusions, chalazia, recurrent styes, glaucoma, history of recurrent corneal erosions, or aphakia. 5. Any previous, or planned, ocular or interocular surgery (e.g., radial keratotomy, PRK, LASIK, etc.). 6. Any corneal distortion resulting from previous hard or rigid gas permeable contact lens wear. 7. Multifocal, toric or extended wear contact lens correction. 8. Participation in any contact lens or lens care product clinical trial within 14 days prior to study enrollment. 9. History of binocular vision abnormality or strabismus. 10. Any infectious disease (e.g., hepatitis, tuberculosis) or contagious immunosuppressive diseases (e.g., HIV) by self-report. 11. Employee or immediate family member of an employee of clinical site (e.g., Investigator, Coordinator, Technician). 12. Any ocular infection. 13. Any grade 3 or greater slit lamp findings (e.g., edema, corneal neovascularization, corneal staining, tarsal abnormalities, conjunctival injection) on the FDA classification scale, any previous history or signs of a contact lens-related corneal inflammatory event (e.g., past peripheral ulcer or round peripheral scar), or any other ocular abnormality that may contraindicate contact lens wear.
Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Solithromycin in Adolescents and Children A Phase 1, Open-label, Multi-center Study to Determine the Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Solithromycin as Add-on Therapy in Adolescents and Children With Suspected or Confirmed Bacterial Infection Pediatric study to evaluate the safety and pharmacokinetics of solithromycin (oral and intravenous) in children ages 0 to 17 Inclusion Criteria: * Suspected or confirmed bacterial infection with organisms against which solithromycin is expected to be active. Exclusion Criteria: * Serum creatinine \>2 mg/dL * Positive pregnancy test in females of childbearing potential * History of intolerance or hypersensitivity to macrolide antibiotics
Environmental Control as Add-on Therapy in Childhood Asthma Environmental Control as Add-on Therapy in Childhood Asthma This study evaluates the effects of adding on an environmental home intervention to standard asthma medication management on controller medication requirements among children and adolescents with asthma. The investigators hypothesize that the addition of an individually-tailored, multi-faceted Environmental Control Strategy (ECS) to guidelines-based controller medication will result in less controller medication requirement and allergic inflammation than controller medication alone among urban asthmatic children. The study is a parallel arm study of an individually tailored, multi-faceted ECS plus controller medication titration versus controller medication titration alone. After a 4-week run-in period to stabilize the asthma, the investigators will randomize 200 Baltimore children with persistent asthma and a recent exacerbation in a 1:1 ratio to the two arms and follow the children for six months. There will be five clinic visits and three home visits over this time period for clinical and home assessments, respectively. There will be up to four environmental intervention visits for participants randomized to the environmental control plus controller medication group. The environmental modules include mouse, cockroach, furry pets, dust mites, and smoking. Air purifiers and laundered bedding are also included in this arm. Participants randomized to the controller medication group have the option of having one home visit after completing the study at which the participants will receive home intervention services that the environmental control plus controller medication group received. Participants will have repeated assessment of: controller medication requirements; secondary clinical, physiologic, and inflammatory outcomes; and particulate matter (PM), air nicotine, and allergen levels. Inclusion Criteria: * Have physician-diagnosed asthma at least 1 year prior to the baseline visit, or asthma symptoms for at least 1 year * Meet criteria for current persistent asthma defined as either: 1. On a long-term controller medication for asthma, or 2. Meet National Asthma Education and Prevention Program (NAEPP) guideline requirements for persistent disease:(46) * Asthma symptoms 3 or more days per week over the past 2 weeks or * Nocturnal asthma symptoms at least 3 times in the past month * Have evidence of uncontrolled disease as defined by at least one of the following: 1. One asthma-related unscheduled visit to an emergency department (ED), clinic or urgent care facility in the previous 12 mo 2. One asthma-related overnight hospitalization in the previous 12 mo 3. One or more bursts of oral corticosteroids in the previous 12 mo * Reside within a geographic area of the study site so that home visits are feasible. * Have no plans to move within the upcoming 6 months * Have insurance to cover prescription medications. * Have a positive skin test (net wheal ≥2mm) to cat, dog, mouse, cockroach, or dust mites or have a positive cat, dog, mouse, German cockroach, or D. farinae-specific immunoglobulin E (IgE) test, as quantified using the ImmunoCAP system (≥0.35 kU/L) Exclusion Criteria: * Lung disease, other than asthma, that requires daily medication * Cardiovascular disease that requires daily medication, excluding hypertension * Taking a beta-blocker * Allergy to dairy * On Xolair \< 5 months * On immunotherapy and has not reached maintenance dose * Sleeping in another home 4 or more nights/week * Active smoker defined as a positive urine screen for high levels of urine cotinine * Unable to access areas of home necessary to conduct extermination
Natural History Study of FDXR Mutation-related Mitochondriopathy A Natural History Study of Neurodegeneration and Optic Atrophy Caused by Ferredoxin Reductase Mutations in Pediatric and Adult Patients The purpose of the study is to systematically characterize the clinical course of the progressive neuropathy and optic atrophy observe in pediatric and adult patients with biallelic mutations in the ferredoxin reductase gene. The mitochondrial membrane-associated ferredoxin reductase (FDXR) is a flavoprotein that initiates the mitochondrial electron transport chain by transferring electrons from NADPH to the mitochondrial cytochrome P450 system via the ferredoxins FDX1 or FDX2. In addition to essential roles in Fe-S cluster biogenesis, this pathway is also central to the biosynthesis of steroid hormones. Previously, Dr. Taosheng Huang's research group has identified mutations in the FDXR gene in many individuals who share clinical presentations consistent with a mitochondrial disorder-including ataxia, hypotonia and optic atrophy-and obtained a naturally-occurring Fdxr mutant mouse model from Jackson Lab that corroborated these results (PMID: 29040572 and PMID: 30250212). In particular, FDXR enzyme activity, mitochondrial complex activities and ATP production were all significantly reduced in their patient samples. Their studies further indicated that Fdxr mutation leads to neurodegeneration that is associated with both inflammation as well as the abnormal accumulation of iron in the mitochondria, likely as a result of disrupted Fe-S cluster synthesis. More recently, his group has used the CRISPR-Cas9 system to generate a mouse line with a p.R389W amino acid change, which more precisely matches the most common human variant observed in their patients and shows a much more severe phenotype than their previous, naturally occurring Fdxr mouse model. They have also show that AAV-based gene therapy can significantly improve the condition of Fdxr mutant mice (DOI:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.omtm.2020.05.021), providing valuable preclinical data that may open the door for adapting such gene therapy treatments for use in human clinical trials. Given the recent regulatory approval granted to gene therapy treatments for LCA2, SMA1, and β-thalassemia, there is strong possibility that such an approach will ultimately produce a viable clinical treatment for FDXR patients as well. FDXR is required for Iron-sulfur (Fe-S) clusters synthesis which is essential for multiple important biological processes, including electron transfer, cofactor synthesis, and gene regulation. Fe-S cluster biosynthesis is a tightly regulated process that requires coordinated delivery of both iron and sulfur and is a cofactor of many proteins. A variety of human disorders have been associated with impaired Fe-S cluster synthesis, including neurodegenerative disorders (e.g. Friedreich's ataxia) and myopathy with lactic acidosis. Iron homeostasis, which requires precise synthesis and localization of Fe-S clusters in mitochondria, is critical to ensure that there is sufficient iron for cellular functions, without reaching toxic levels of iron. Excessive levels of iron favor the formation of excess oxygen free radicals and consequent mitochondrial dysfunction. The Rare Disease Act and Rare Disease Orphan Product Development Act highlight the importance of rare disease research and the obstacles to developing effective treatments for these diseases. However, the study of rare diseases may open a window to studying other human conditions. For example, Iron-sulfur biosynthesis abnormalities have been observed in more common human diseases such as Friedreich's ataxia. This relationship highlights the importance of human disease research by multiple approaches to understand biological mechanisms and for general application to human health. For these reasons, a better understanding of the pathogenesis of FDXR deficiency may help facilitate our knowledge of disease biology, neurodevelopment, brain function, and other organ abnormalities. Thus, in order to better understand the function of FDXR and to help lay the groundwork for eventual clinical trials of gene therapy or drug-based treatments for FDXR-related disease, the investigators propose this natural history study of both pediatric as well as adult patients with biallelic mutations in the ferredoxin reductase gene. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients who are clinically diagnosed with biallelic mutations in the ferredoxin reductase gene * Male and female patients from 2 to 65 years of age * Patients who have consented to the study * In the case of a deceased patient whose parent(s) and/or legal guardian(s) have provided informed consent for study participation, the investigators will review the patient's medical records to determine study eligibility. Exclusion Criteria: * Significant postnatal complications or congenital anomalies that are not known to be associated with ferredoxin reductase deficiency * Patient has received any experimental treatment for ferredoxin reductase deficiency within the 6 months prior to enrollment, or is expected to receive any such therapy during the study period
Lucentis in Advanced Macular Degeneration Lucentis in Advanced Macular Degeneration Patients with low vision (visual acuity 20/400 or worse) were excluded from the large Phase III ranibizumab clinical trials. It is not known if treatment with ranibizumab results in improved visual function in such patients.Since ranibizumab has been shown to be the most effective therapy for exudative macular degeneration we propose to treat all patients in this study with monthly ranibizumab intravitreal injections. Patients will be assigned to one of two groups by the flip of a coin. Group #1 for "heads" and Group #2 for "tails". Group #1 patients will be treated for 3 monthly injections of 0.5 mg of ranibizumab and then as needed therapy. Group #2 will be treated with 6 monthly injections of 0.5 mg of ranibizumab and then as needed therapy. The duration of the study is up to 13 months. This includes up to 30 days during which tests will be performed before treatment. Only one eye will be chosen for the study. Patients can receive up to 12 injections of ranibizumab during this study (the first dose\[s\], plus additional doses \[re treatment as often as every 22 days\] if the doctor determines that additional doses are required). In addition to study drug injections. Several eye examinations and procedures will be performed to evaluate response to treatment. These include: visual acuity testing (eye chart), contrast sensitivity testing, reading speed testing, measurement of time to complete typical daily activities, measurement of the thickness of the central retina, measurement of your central visual field. On the screening visit and two more times during the study fluorescein angiography will be performed. The screening tests included the following: * A review of your medical history * A review of any medications you are or have been taking * Eye examinations, including visual acuity testing (reading letters on an eye chart) * Blood pressure measurement Woman of childbearing potential must also take a urine pregnancy test during the screening period to rule out pregnancy. Upon completion of the study at Month 12 and if it were to occur; early termination visit, the following procedures will be performed: vision exam,OCT,microperimetry,FA/Photos,VFQ,reading performance, contrast sensitivity and TIADL. Inclusion Criteria: Subjects will be eligible if the following criteria are met: * Ability to provide written informed consent and comply with study assessments for the full duration of the study. * Age \> 50 years. * Low vision AMD patients with a VA of 20/400 or worse. * Evidence of active exudation as manifested by subretinal or intraretinal fluid on OCT or fresh appearing subretinal hemorrhage on fundus examination. Exclusion Criteria: Subjects who meet any of the following criteria will be excluded from this study: * Pregnancy (positive pregnancy test) or lactation. * Premenopausal women not using adequate contraception. The following are considered effective means of contraception: surgical sterilization or use of oral contraceptives, barrier contraception with either a condom or diaphragm in conjunction with spermicidal gel, an IUD, or contraceptive hormone implant or patch. * Any other condition that the investigator believes would pose a significant hazard to the subject if the investigational therapy were initiated. * Participation in another simultaneous medical investigation or trial. * Concurrent eye disease in the study eye that could compromise visual acuity (e.g., diabetic retinopathy, advanced glaucoma).
Effects of Particulate Matter on the Pulmonary Function and Acute Exacerbation of COPD and Asthma Effects of Particulate Matter on the Lung Function and Acute Exacerbation of COPD and Asthma Patients--A Multi-center Cohort Study Particulate matter(PM) exposure has been shown to increase the morbidity and mobility of a variety of respiratory diseases, including COPD and asthma. This study focus on the effects of PM on the pulmonary function and acute exacerbation of COPD and asthma patients in China, where PM exposure is much heavier than the United States and European countries. Particulate matter(PM) exposure has been shown to increase the morbidity and mobility of a variety of respiratory diseases, including COPD and asthma. This study focus on the effects of PM on the pulmonary function and acute exacerbation of COPD and asthma patients in China, where PM exposure is much heavier than the United States and European countries. This study is an observational study which lasts 3 years. Primary outcome measures:Change in spirometry (FEV1) of COPD, asthma patients and healthy volunteers in response to different exposure doses of PM. Inclusion Criteria: 1. COPD patients: clinical manifestation of COPD; post bronchodilator FEV1/FVC\<0.70. 2. Asthma patients: clinical manifestation of asthma; recurrent dyspnea; with or without wheezing; relief spontaneously or after using bronchodilators; FEV1/FVC\<0.70,with positive bronchial reversible test. 3. Asthma combined with COPD (ACOS) patients: patients with ACOS are included in asthma group. 4. Healthy volunteers: No smoking history, or have quit smoking at least 5 years. Chest X-ray show no abnormality. 5. Information consent form should be signed before entering the study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. The latest severe acute attack occurred within 4 weeks: 1. Severe acute attack: status asthmaticus or acute exacerbation of COPD leading to consultation, emergency treatment，hospitalization, or glucocorticoid treatment（oral/i.v). 2. Controllable non-hospitalized acute attack without glucocorticoid treatment(oral/i.v). COPD attack lasting less than 48h or asthma attack lasting less than 24h are not excluded. 2. Any history of acute/chronic respiratory diseases other than asthma and COPD, including lung cancer and pulmonary infection. 3. Plasma ALT or AST greater than 2 times of the upper normal limit; plasma Creatinine greater than 1.5 times of the upper normal limit. 4. Left heart insufficiency, or malignant arrhythmia. 5. HIV positive. 6. Acute cerebrovascular events within 3 months, including apoplexy, transient cerebral ischemia and acute coronary syndrome. 7. Uncured malignant tumors. 8. Addicted to drug or alcohol, or any history of psychiatric disorders. 9. Breastfeeding, pregnancy or planning to be pregnant. 10. Estimated lifetime less than 2 years due to underlying diseases.
Effects of Vitamin D Fortification on Vitamin D Metabolite Profiles and Status in Vitamin D Insufficient Individuals A Double-Blind, Randomized, Control Study to Examine the Effects of Vitamin D Fortification on Vitamin D Metabolite Profiles and Status in Vitamin D Insufficient Individuals. This is a cross-sectional study designed to compare plasma/serum and urine vitamin D metabolite profiles of vitamin D sufficient and insufficient individuals. There are two phases of this study. Phase 1 - Consented study participants will attend a screening visit and provide a fasting blood and urine sample. Those individuals who are vitamin D insufficient based on serum 25(OH)D concentrations will be invited to participate in Phase II Phase II - is a double-blind, randomized, control study designed to examine vitamin D status in vitamin D insufficient individuals consuming a water-soluble form of vitamin D3. Eligible participants will be asked to consume one of three beverages: i) rooibos iced-tea (control); ii) rooibos iced-tea fortified with 1000 IU of water-soluble vitamin D3; or iii) rooibos iced-tea fortified with 1000 IU of water-soluble vitamin D3 and 360 mg calcium at 240 mL of iced-tea consumed daily for 6 weeks. Participants will attend 6 weekly visits following baseline and provide a fasting blood sample for assessment of serum 25(OH)D concentrations. Objectives: 1) To investigate plasma/serum and urine vitamin D metabolite profiles in vitamin D sufficient and insufficient individuals; and 2) To determine the effects of vitamin D3 fortification on serum 25-dihydroxy-vitamin D \[25(OH)D\] concentrations, markers of vitamin D and calcium metabolism, and vitamin D metabolite profile in plasma/serum and urine of vitamin D insufficient individuals. Health individuals from the general public will be recruited into this cross-sectional study designed to compare plasma/serum and urine vitamin D metabolite profiles of those identified as vitamin D sufficient and insufficient individuals. There are two objectives: Objective 1: To investigate plasma/serum and urine vitamin D metabolite profiles in vitamin D sufficient and insufficient individuals; N=20 and will consist of 10 individuals identified as vitamin D insufficient and 10 individuals identified as vitamin D deficient individuals. Objective 2: To determine the effects of vitamin D3 fortification on serum 25-dihydroxy-vitamin D \[25(OH)D\] concentrations, markers of vitamin D and calcium metabolism, and vitamin D metabolite profile in plasma/serum and urine of vitamin D insufficient individuals. N=45. To achieve the objectives, the study will be conducted in two phases: Phase 1 - Healthy males or females, ≥19 and ≤50 years of age, will be recruited from the general public. Consented study participants will provide a fasting blood and urine sample for the purpose of determination of vitamin D status (insufficient vs. deficient) based on serum 25(OH)D concentrations. Forty-five (45) individuals identified as vitamin D insufficient (having a serum 25(OH)D concentration ≥30 and ≤75 nmol/L) will proceed to phase II. A N=20 (10 vitamin D insufficient and 10 vitamin D deficient) will also be identified to satisfy objective 1. Phase II - is a double-blind, randomized, control study designed to examine vitamin D status in vitamin D insufficient individuals consuming a water-soluble form of vitamin D3. Eligible participants will randomized to consume one of three beverages: i) rooibos iced-tea (control); ii) rooibos iced-tea fortified with 1000 IU of water-soluble vitamin D3; or iii) rooibos iced-tea fortified with 1000 IU of water-soluble vitamin D3 and 360 mg calcium at 240 mL of iced-tea consumed daily for 6 weeks. Both researchers and participants will be blinded to the beverage group assigned to each participant. Participants will then attend 6 weekly visits following the baseline visit to provide fasting blood samples for assessment of serum 25(OH)D concentrations. Analysis of intact-PTH, alkaline-phosphatase, calcium, phosphorus, CRP, TAP and vitamin D metabolite profile and a urine sample will also be obtained for assessment of N-telopeptide and vitamin D metabolite profile will also occur at Baseline and Week 6. Fasting blood samples collected at week 3 will be used for additional assessment of serum alkaline phosphatase, calcium and phosphorus. A 3-day Food Record will be provided at week 3. Vitamin D insufficient participants will be stratified according to their serum 25(OH)D concentrations (≥30 and ≤50, or \>50 and ≤75 nmol/L) after screening and prior to the beverage study to ensure that a range of lower and higher serum 25(OH)D concentrations are represented in each beverage group. Inclusion Criteria: A. Inclusion Criteria for Objective 1 (Part One): 1. Adult volunteers, male or female, between 19 and 50 years of age; 2. Body mass index (BMI) ≥20 and ≤30 kg/m2 (normal to overweight); 3. Must be on a stable regime for the past three months, if taking vitamin and mineral/dietary/herbal supplements; and 4. Willing to provide informed consent. B. Inclusion Criteria for Objective 2 (Part Two): 1. Adult volunteers, male or female, between 19 and 50 years of age; 2. Body mass index (BMI) ≥20 and ≤30 kg/m2 (normal to overweight); 3. Must be on a stable regime for the past three months, if taking vitamin and mineral/dietary/herbal supplements; 4. Vitamin D insufficient (serum 25(OH)D concentrations ≥30 and ≤75 nmol/L); 5. Willing to comply with protocol requirements; and 6. Willing to provide informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Take a vitamin D or calcium supplement within the last three months before the start date of the study, or during the study; 2. History of vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D concentration \<30 nmol/L); 3. History of hypocalcaemia; 4. Presence of a clinically diagnosed disease affecting the circulatory, respiratory, immune, skeletal, urinary, muscular, endocrine, digestive, nervous or reproductive system that requires medical treatment; 5. Taking any medication (with the exception of birth control); 6. Daily consumption of more than three servings of dairy products; 7. Undergone significant sun exposure one month before start date of the study; 8. Use or have used a tanning booth one month before start date of the study, or during the study; 9. Plan to travel to a sunny climate during the study; 10. Currently smoking or have smoked within the last six months before start date of the study, or during the study; 11. Have allergies to tea products; 12. Pregnant or lactating; and 13. Consume excessive alcohol (\>10 drinks/week for women, \>15 drinks/week for men).
Evaluating the Occurence of New and Progression of Existing Peripheral Venous Disease in Leg Veins Incidence and Progression of Peripheral Venous Disease Peripheral venous disease occurs when a vein becomes damaged or blocked. It can occur almost anywhere in the body, but is most common in the arms and legs. This study will examine people who participated in a previous venous disease study to evaluate changes in leg veins and venous disease status over a period of 11 years. Peripheral venous disease is a general term for damage, defects, or blockage that occurs in the peripheral veins, which carry blood from the hands and feet back to the heart to receive oxygen. The most common cause of peripheral venous disease is a blood clot that blocks a vein. Varicose veins, which are swollen blood vessels near the surface of the skin, and chronic venous insufficiency, a condition in which blood in the leg veins does not drain properly, are two other common types of peripheral venous disease. From 1996 to 2000, the San Diego Population Study (SDPS) evaluated a group of individuals to gather information on the prevalence of venous disease. This current study will re-evaluate the SDPS participants to document changes that have occurred in their leg veins over the past 11 years, including any new venous disease and any progression of existing venous disease. Study researchers will also evaluate how venous disease relates to risk factors, symptoms, and quality of life issues. This study will enroll people who participated in the SDPS study. Each participant will attend one study visit. Study staff will conduct a 1-hour interview with each participant to collect information on their medical history, disease-related symptoms, risk factors for venous disease, family health history, health habits, and quality of life. Blood collection will occur, participant's leg veins will be examined and photographed, and blood flow in the legs will be measured with an ultrasound. Inclusion Criteria: * Participated in the SDPS study
Efficacy and Safety of SPD465 in Adults With ADHD A Phase III, Randomized, Double-blind, Multi-center, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group, Safety and Efficacy Study of SPD465 in Adults With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). The purpose of this study is to assess the safety and effectiveness of SPD465 compared to placebo (a capsule with no medication in it) in the treatment of ADHD. The study will also look at how SPD465 affects sleep and how the participants perceive their quality of life. Inclusion Criteria: * Primary diagnosis of ADHD * Baseline ADHD-RS-IV score \>= 24 * Non-pregnant females of childbearing potential must comply with contraceptive restrictions Exclusion Criteria: * Significantly underweight or morbidly obese * Comorbid psychiatric diagnosis with significant symptoms such as Axis II disorders or severe Axis I disorders * History of seizure, tic disorder, or a current diagnosis and/or family history of Tourette's Disorder
A Phase IIIb: Long-Term Outcomes for Hepatitis B (HepB) Patients in Some Previous Entecavir (ETV) Trials Long-Term Assessment of Treatment Outcomes With Entecavir and Lamivudine for Chronic Hepatitis B Infection in Patients Who Have Enrolled in Phase III Entecavir Trials The purpose of this study is to follow patients treated in entecavir Phase III and rollover studies for safety experience and Hepatitis B virus (HBV)-related complications. Observational Model: Only subjects who participated in Entecavir Phase III studies AI463022, AI463023, AI463026, and AI463027. Number of groups/cohorts: 1 (All subjects were observed in the same manner). Inclusion Criteria: * All subjects who participated in Entecavir Phase III studies AI463022, AI463023, AI463026, and AI463027.
Is Sheep Ghee Cardioprotective? Effect of Sheep Ghee on Lipid Profile and High-sensitivity C-reactive Protein: A Randomized Clinical Trial Normal volunteers were randomly received Sheep ghee or sunflower oil, and before and after the study lipid profile and HS-CRP were measured. During outpatient clinic visits, potentially eligible individuals were screened for enrollment according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Patients were randomly allocated into the treatment and control groups via the blocked randomization method. The control group received a normal diet for eight weeks with 10 g of sunflower oil. In the treatment group, sunflower oil was replaced with 10 g of sheep ghee. 50 patients in each group were enrollment. Patients' information, including demographic data and the serum levels of fasting blood sugar (FBS), LDL, HDL, triglyceride (TG), and hs-CRP, were recorded in datasheets twice: once before treatment with sheep ghee and once eight weeks later. Inclusion Criteria: * healthy adults, seeking outpatient visit at professor kojuri cardiology clinic Exclusion Criteria: * any history of ischemic heart disease (IHD), * coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) * percutaneous intervention (PCI) * stroke * peripheral vascular diseases * use of anti-hyperlipidemic agents * unwillingness to participate. * Need of tight hyperlipidemia control.
Comparison of Ultrasound-guided Versus Blind Insertion of Radial Artery Catheters Comparison of Ultrasound-guided Versus Blind Insertion of Radial Artery Catheters. Arterial catheterization is frequently performed on critically ill patients for invasive blood pressure monitoring and/or frequent blood draws, especially arterial blood gas analysis. The distal part of the radial artery (wrist) is the preferred access site. The potential complications of the procedure are mostly minor and comprise temporary occlusion of the radial artery (RA), hematoma, local infection or bleeding from the puncture site. Major complications including vessel aneurysm or occlusion with threat to hand viability are rare. The standard approach to catheterization is "blind" puncture of the RA while locating its pulse by palpation, followed by threading a 20 Gauge (20G) angio-catheter into the vessel. Alternatively ultrasound can be used to locate the vessel and guide needle insertion. To our knowledge, four prospective randomized trials (PRT)5-8 comparing palpation with ultrasound-guided RA catheterization have been conducted so far and one meta-analysis looked at the pooled data obtained from these. The results showed that ultrasound guidance increased the first-attempt success rate at RA catheterization by 71% compared to palpation. The use of ultrasound also significantly reduced the time to successful catheterization, the number of punctures as well as the amount of catheters required per procedure. None of the prior randomized trials has been conducted in an ICU setting and in three out of the four studies the arterial lines were placed in patients undergoing elective surgery. The investigators hypothesized that ultrasound could improve first attempt success rate while placing arterial catheters in an ICU setting. Ultrasound may also reduce total time to successful insertion and reduce complications. The investigators plan to randomize patients to either a palpation technique or ultrasound guided catheter insertion and record the above outcomes. The study will be conducted in a prospective randomized design on the patient population of the Surgical Intensive Care Unit (SICU) at Yale New Haven Hospital. All SICU patients in whom the indication for arterial catheterization has been established by the attending physician will be eligible for consented randomization to either the "Palpation" or the "Ultrasound" group. Once consent from the patient or his/her surrogate has been obtained, eligible patients will be randomized to either the "Palpation" or the "Ultrasound" group. Sequentially numbered sealed envelopes will be maintained in the SICU. Catheter insertion: The side of insertion (left/right arm) is chosen by the operator. The wrist is positioned by the operator, the skin disinfected and the area draped in a sterile fashion. "Palpation" group": The artery is punctured after location by palpation only. "Ultrasound" group": The artery is punctured under real-time ultrasound only with the probe draped in a sterile sheath. The time from the first skin puncture to confirmed intra-arterial position of the catheter by observing blood return from the catheter is measured with a chronometer by a second person. An arterial pressure waveform must be observed on the monitor to validate intra-arterial catheter placement. Radial artery cannulation will be performed using the "Radial Artery Catheterization Set with Integral Needle Protection" (Ref. RA-04020-SP, Arrows International Inc., Reading PA 19605, USA) containing a 20G catheter on a 22 gauge (22G) puncture needle and a 0.46 mm spring-wire guide. For ultrasound-guided catheter insertion, operators will use the "Site-Rite 6 Ultrasound System" with a linear vascular access probe (5-10 MHz) (Bard Access Systems Inc., 605 North 5600 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, USA). Operators: RA catheterization is a typical teaching procedure frequently performed in the ICU. In our unit, arterial lines are placed by either post graduate year 2 (PGY-2) residents (surgery \& anesthesia) rotating through the SICU on a monthly basis, or by mid-level providers who are in the unit for indeterminate periods of time. For our study, this will be an important point, as one of our goals will be to demonstrate a learning effect, which is less likely to be observable among the PGY-2 residents who will be present in the unit for a month only. All operators will get instructions (lecture and hands-on training on vascular phantom at the beginning of their SICU rotation) on the use of ultrasound for vascular access and will at all times have the opportunity to exercise their skills on a vessel phantom. Each successful vessel puncture on the vessel phantom must be recorded by the operator, including time and date. For each operator performing the ultrasound-guided insertion on a patient, one of the investigators will be present for supervision and data collection, but not for assistance with insertion, unless required for failure after having used both methods. Cross-over: After three failed attempts at catheterization with the allocated first method, the alternative method must be used; the operator can opt to puncture the RA on the opposite arm. Timing of the first method ends when the operator decides to abandon the third attempt. Timing for the new method starts at the new first skin puncture. Follow up: All catheters will be monitored daily and on days 1 and 3 with clinical and ultrasound examination for the development of complications. The catheter will be followed daily for functional outcomes defined as the quality of the arterial waveform on the monitor and the ability to draw blood from the catheter. The day on which the catheter ceases to function for each of these purposes will be recorded as well as the day of catheter removal. Inclusion Criteria: * All surgical intensive care unit patients at Yale New Haven Hospital in whom the indication for arterial catheterization has been established by the attending physician will be eligible for consented randomization to either the "Palpation" or the "Ultrasound" group. Exclusion Criteria: * The patient or his/her surrogate declines to participate or the patient lacks a radial artery into which a catheter can be place.
Usability of a Website for People With Schizophrenia Schizophrenia Website Usability This study will determine the usability of a website for people with schizophrenia versus other websites designed for the same purpose. The objective of this study is to test and compare the usability of a website developed as part of a NIMH-funded project (see IRB #0208128), versus four other online websites in a effort to continue to improve website design elements and maximize usability by those identified with schizophrenia, a disease that produces cognitive impairments. Prior usability testing done to evaluate a website developed as part of a NIMH-funded project (see IRB #0208128) was used to develop a website designed specifically to meet the needs of those with cognitive deficits. Generally, the website was well received. However, an implicit component of this project was to make quantitative statements comparing the website developed in this project to other existing websites for individuals with schizophrenia, in order to maintain and improve the usability of the website. As such, it is important to test the usability of this website versus other websites to continue to improve design elements and ease of use for those with serious mental illness. Inclusion Criteria: * Diagnosis of Schizophrenia Exclusion Criteria: -
Out-of Pocket Payments in Patients With Lymphedema Out-of Pocket Payments in Patients With Primary Lymphedema in France and Inequities of Access to Healthcare Primary lymphedema is a chronic condition posing a high burden on patients. Clinical guidelines emphasize the role of compression therapy by prescription medical devices. Even in a mandatory publicly funded health insurance system, out-of-pocket payments (OOPP) may exist due to the price and reimbursement setting processes. OOPP may threaten the equity of care and drive patients to forgo care. The investigators aim was to analyze the distributive effects of OOPP for primary lymphedema patients in France. A prospective, multicenter study will be conducted in France in 2015 on patients with primary lymphedema. Household ability to pay will be specified by net income and OOPP will be assessed prospectively over 6 months for outpatient care (visits, drugs, medical devices, nursing care, biological tests, imaging, physiotherapy and transportations). Both mandatory and voluntary health insurance reimbursements will be considered. The investigators will combine concentration curves and concentration indices to assess the distributive effects. Inclusion criteria: * Patient aged over six years, with primary lymphedema, regardless of the severity of the disease; * Patient treated in one of the centres participating in the study; * Patient (and her legal representative for minors) who gave her written consent \[or did not refuse to participate, according to local Law\]; * Patient with Internet access and an active email address. Exclusion criteria: * Patients with concomitant chronic venous insufficiency; * Patient not covered by any health care insurance scheme; * People protected under the law.
Peer Led Outreach to Engage Male Partners of Pregnant Women in Uganda (Okutuuka Study) Peer Led Outreach to Engage Male Partners of Pregnant Women in Uganda (Okutuuka Study) It is critical to evaluate strategies that leverage women's engagement in antenatal care to increase male partner testing while alleviating the burden on pregnant women to encourage their male partners to HIV test. A peer-delivered status-neutral approach to male partners of pregnant women may be an innovative strategy to overcome barriers to men's reluctance to test for HIV and initiate HIV prevention or treatment services. For pregnant women living with HIV, partner testing and disclosure could facilitate women's continuation of ART post-partum, and for HIV-negative women at risk of HIV acquisition, this could facilitate women's initiation of PrEP during pregnancy. Thus, multiple public health goals could be achieved through increasing the proportion of men who know their HIV status. Overall design This is a randomized trial of pregnant women and their male partners. The overall goal is to evaluate the impact of innovative strategies to increase male partner HIV testing and engagement in HIV care and prevention through ANC services provided to pregnant women. The intervention consists of a phone call from a trained peer father to encourage male partners of pregnant women to test for HIV. Men will first be encouraged to come to the clinic for HIV testing and counseling. Those who are not willing/able to attend the clinic will be offered the option of meeting a male counselor to receive HIV testing in a convenient location in the community. The study team will recruit pregnant women to be randomized to: 1) the intervention arm (peer father phone call) or 2) the delayed intervention arm, standard of care standard of care invitation letter to provide to their partner for fast-track HIV testing and male peer father phone calls after a 3 month delay. Women in both arms will receive an HIVST kit from the ANC clinic per standard of care guidelines. In the delayed intervention arm, men who have not HIV tested after 3 months of female partner enrollment will receive the intervention of a peer father phone call. This is being done for ethical reasons since preliminary data show phone calls from men may be effective in increasing men's HIV testing. All study outcomes will be collected by 3 months post female partner enrollment so providing the delayed intervention will not impact the study team's ability to measure the study's effectiveness. The study team will recommend that all HIV-positive participants initiate ART, and all HIV-negative participants who are eligible, initiate PrEP. Objectives Aim 1: To assess whether a male peer-delivered, status-neutral outreach to male partners of pregnant women increases the proportion of partners who test compared to the standard of care (invitation letters for fast-track testing and HIVST delivered by the pregnant woman). Rationale: Innovations are needed to address the challenges associated with reaching male partners of pregnant women with HIV testing and linkage to ART or PrEP depending on their HIV serostatus. Hypothesis: A male peer delivered, status-neutral approach to male partner engagement may overcome male partners reluctance to be tested for HIV and women's reluctance to approach their male partners about HIV testing. Approach: The investigators will randomize women 1:1 to the intervention or delayed arm and determine the proportion of male partners who test for HIV within 1 month after the female partner is randomized. The outcome will male partner testing based on male HIV testing in the two arms. Aim 2: To determine the proportion of male partners who test HIV-negative and have an indication for PrEP who initiate PrEP and the proportion of partners who test HIV-positive who initiate ART compared to the SOC arm. Rationale: Men who are HIV-negative are a priority for PrEP if they have a known HIV-positive partner or multiple partners, including during late pregnancy and postpartum when men are more likely to have sex with outside partners. Hypothesis: Trained male peers will be effective in addressing men's reluctance to link to ART or PrEP and facilitating linkage to care or prevention. Approach: Men who test for HIV through either arm will be referred for ART (if HIV-positive) or PrEP (if HIV-negative and reports multiple partners or an HIV positive partner) through the trained male peer counselor in the intervention arm or health care provider in the SOC arm. The research team will evaluate linkage to PrEP or ART among men who test for HIV, by arm. Aim 3: To qualitatively assess acceptability of peer-delivered, status-neutral outreach to promote HIV testing among male partners of pregnant women. Rationale: Assessment of acceptability is a key component of evaluating any novel intervention. The research team will use qualitative methods to investigate acceptability and preferences for HIV testing services among male partners of pregnant women in the cohort. Hypothesis: A peer delivered, status-neutral approach to male partner engagement will be acceptable to recipients. Approach: The research team will conduct individual qualitative interviews with a randomly selected subsample of 20 male partners who received peer-delivered outreach to evaluate intervention acceptability. Inclusion Criteria: * -Age ≥18 years or if 14-17 years, qualified as emancipated minors (individuals below the age of majority who are pregnant) * Currently pregnant * Not currently enrolled in an HIV treatment study * Male partner not known to be HIV-positive or has not tested in the past 3 months * Able and willing to provide written informed consent * Able and willing to provide adequate locator information for study retention purposes * At low risk of intimate partner violence For men * Has a female partner enrolled in the Okutuuka study * Able and willing to provide written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * not meeting all of the above inclusion criteria
The Role of Ghost Ileostomy in Laparoscopic Rectal Resection The Role of Ghost Ileostomy in Laparoscopic Rectal Resection To evaluate if the Ghost Ileostomy is really advantageous in laparoscopy we conducted a prospective randomized controlled study comparing 2 groups of patients undergoing anterior resection of the rectum laparoscopically. In the first group of patients at the end of the procedure was always performed a Ghost Ileostomy while in the second group no protective stoma was built at the end of the intervention. Inclusion Criteria: * Surgical Indication for Laparoscopic Anterior Rectal Resection * Medium risk of anastomotic leakage Exclusion Criteria: * High risk of anastomotic leakage * Lower risk of anastomotic leakage * Advanced neoplasia (T4) * Indication for inter-sphincteric resection hydro-pneumatic test of the anastomosis tightness showed positive for air leak * Surgical procedure intraoperatively modified from the standard laparoscopic anterior rectal resection
Renoprotective Effect of Febuxostat on Contrast Induced Acute Kidney Injury in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients Stage 3 Renoprotective Effect of Febuxostat on Contrast Induced Acute Kidney Injury in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients Stage 3 This study will determine the renoprotective effect of febuxostat in prevention of contrast induced acute kidney injury in chronic kidney disease patients Stage 3 undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. In this randomised non blinded clinical trial, Investigators will study 120 CKD patients undergoing PCI to determine the renoprotective effect of febuxostat in prevention of contrast induced acute kidney injury . So, the patients will be divided into two arms based on block randomization. Each arm compromise 60 patients. The first arm will receive IV hydration and N-acetylcysteine (ctrl arm) . The second arm will receive IV hydration, N-acetylcysteine and Febuxostat (F arm). Block randomization will be used in this clinical trial design to reduce bias and achieve balance in the allocation of participants to treatment arms. Inclusion Criteria: Age ≥ 18 years old . Patients under treatment of high dose statin(Atorvastatin (40-80 mg/day) . Glomerular filtration rate=30-59ml/min. Undergoing coronary PCI. Exclusion Criteria: Patients under treatment with febuxostat. Known allergy to febuxostat. High osmolar contrast media during the procedure .
Use of β-hydroxy-β-methylbutyrate to Counteract Muscle Loss in Men With Prostate Cancer on Androgen Ablation Use of β-hydroxy-β-methylbutyrate to Counteract Loss of Muscle Mass and Strength in Older Men With Prostate Cancer Started on Androgen Deprivation Therapy This is a study of HMB plus amino acids in older men with prostate cancer starting androgen deprivation therapy (ADT). The investigators hypothesize that the use of this nutritional supplementation will decrease the loss of muscle mass and strength that occurs when men start ADT. It is well established that older patients experience age-related loss of muscle mass and function (sarcopenia), presumably due to an imbalance of protein synthesis versus protein breakdown. In addition, studies have shown that men who start on ADT experience increased muscle protein breakdown and decreased synthesis. β-hydroxy-β-methylbutyrate (HMB), a leucine metabolite, has been shown to slow protein breakdown. When HMB is given with arginine and lysine (which support protein synthesis) in randomized trials, researchers have shown that elderly men and women who receive this nutritional supplementation experience improvement in fat-free mass, strength, functionality and protein synthesis when compared with controls. In addition, patients with advanced cancer who experienced weight loss of at least 5% have also been shown to benefit from HMB, with supplementation resulting in a significant increase of fat-free mass when compared to controls. Thus, it seems reasonable that older men with prostate cancer starting on ADT who experience lean muscle loss as a result of aging and ADT, may achieve some benefit from supplementation with HMB as well. Use of HMB in men with prostate cancer has not been reported. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the prostate 2. Age 60 years or older 3. Patients with asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic prostate cancer for which they are about to start androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) per provider recommendation * Asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic (as judged by treating physician) metastases allowed * Men receiving ADT for localized prostate cancer are allowed 4. Patient able to give informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patient already on ADT 2. Patients who are visiting clinic for a second opinion only 3. Patients with a diagnosis of dementia 4. Patients with a diagnosis of a neuromuscular disorder (i.e. multiple sclerosis)
Prediction of Bleeding and Transfusion Outcomes and Assessment of Perioperative Platelet Reactivity in Cardiac Surgery Prediction of Bleeding Outcomes / Transfusion Requirements and Assessment of Perioperative Changes in Platelet Reactivity Using Point-of-care Platelet Function Testing in Patients Undergoing Cardiac Surgery Excessive bleeding after cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) operations remains to be a persistent problem. Antiplatelet therapy (APT) is an integral component of perioperative management in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. The impact of drug induced platelet inhibition on early postoperative bleeding extent and transfusion requirements remains difficult to predict. In addition to, resistance to antiplatelet drugs as well as perioperative increase in platelet reactivity following CPB has been reported but this phenomenon has to be comprehensively investigated. The best point-of-care platelet function test to predict bleeding complications/transfusion requirements remains unclear. In addition to, the best test platelet function test to monitor resistance to antiplatelet therapy and its impact on clinical outcomes remains elusive. The aim of this study is: 1. to compare two point-of-care platelet function analyzers (Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet) in regard to prediction of bleeding complications/trasfusion requirements. 2. to compare two point-of-care platelet function analyzers (Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet) in regard to detection of high "on-treatment" platelet reactivity both pre- and postoperatively. Excessive bleeding after cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) operations remains to be a persistent problem. Antiplatelet therapy (APT) is an integral component of perioperative management in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. The impact of drug induced platelet inhibition on early postoperative bleeding extent and transfusion requirements remains difficult to predict. In addition to, resistance to antiplatelet drugs as well as perioperative increase in platelet reactivity following CPB has been reported but this phenomenon has to be comprehensively investigated. The best point-of-care platelet function test to predict bleeding complications/transfusion requirements remains unclear. In addition to, the best test platelet function test to monitor resistance to antiplatelet therapy and its impact on clinical outcomes remains elusive. The aim of this study is: 1. to compare two point-of-care platelet function analyzers (Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet) in regard to prediction of bleeding complications/trasfusion requirements. Three different tests will be performed on each device simultaneously at three time points: T1) Preoperative testing will include ASPI test, ADP test and TRAP test for Multiplate device and ARATEM, ADPTEM and TRAPTEM for ROTEM Platelet device, respectively. T2) After declamping of the aorta: ASPI test, ADP test and TRAP test for Multiplate device and ARATEM, ADPTEM and TRAPTEM for ROTEM Platelet device will be performed. T3) 5-10 minutes after protamine administration: ASPI test, ADP test and TRAP test for Multiplate device and ARATEM, ADPTEM and TRAPTEM for ROTEM Platelet device will be performed. Results obtained with this two platelet function point-of-care devices at the first three timepoints will be tested for correlations with postoperative bleeding amount and intra/postoperative transfusion requirements. Predictibalility of bleeding complications as well as transfusion requirements will be compared between Multiplate tests and ROTEM Platelet tests. 2. to compare two point-of-care platelet function analyzers (Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet) in regard to detection of high "on-treatment" platelet reactivity both pre- and postoperatively. To compare Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet for assessment of high on treatment platelet reactivity we will use tests being performed preoperatively (T1) and tests performed at fourth postoperative day (T4). ASPI test (Multiplate) and ARATEM test (ROTEM Platelet) are sensitive to the platelet inhibitory effect of acetylsalicylic acid. Thus, the incidence of resistance to acetylsalicylic acid , measured by Multiplate ASPI test and ROTEM Platelet ARATEM will be compared between device measurements performed at T1 and T4, respectively. Specific subanalysis will be performed for ARATEM test with aim to make laboratory based definition of resistance to acetylsalicylic acid. Specific cut-of value for acetylsalicylic acid resistance has already been defined by our working group for Multiplate ASPI test. ADP test (Multiplate) and ADPTEM test (ROTEM Platelet) are sensitive to the effect of thienopyridines. For patients being preoperatively exposed to thienopyridines, measurements of Multiplate ADP test and ROTEM Platelet ADPTEM test will be performed at T1 with aim to compare the incidence of high on-treatment platelet reactivity. Preoperative (T1) and postoperative (T4) measurements obtained with Multiplate and ROTEM Platelet will be compared. Perioperative increase in platelet reactivity will be evaluated. Inclusion Criteria: 1. \> 18 years old 2. Elective cardiac surgery patients 3. Coronary artery disease 4. Aortic valve disease 5. Mitral valve disease 6. Ascendent aorta aneurysm 7. Combine coronary and valve disease 8. Cardiac surgery procedures using cardiopulmonary bypass Exclusion Criteria: 1. Missing consent 2. Patients with emergent cardiac surgical procedures 3. Patients on antiplatelet therapy other than aspirin , clopidogrel and prasugrel 4. Patients with inaccurate antiplatelet therapy administration documentation 5. Missing data 6. Off-pump procedures 7. Patients younger than 18 years old 8. Patients with severe mental disorders 9. Intrinsic coagulopathy
Core Stability, Symmetrical Weight-bearing Stroke Effect of Core Stability Exercise on Symmetrical Weight Bearing in Chronic Stroke Patient To evaluate the effect of core stability exercise on symmetrical weight bearing in chronic stroke patients? Stroke is a syndrome characterized by quickly emerging clinical indicators of a focal (or global) disruption of brain function. The symptoms can last for more than 24 hours or even result in death, and there is no known reason for them other than vascular origin. Over 80% of all strokes are caused by an ischemic stroke. A large artery blockage typically results in tissue infarction, which is the non-selective loss of all brain cells in the affected areas of the brain if it is not quickly reversed. Determining the location and size of these infarcts is crucial. the long-term functional deficits resulting from ischemic stroke. After a stroke, patients' ability to bear weight symmetrically is similarly compromised; they may bear between 61 and 80% of their body weight on a non-paretic leg. Physiotherapy procedures targeted at enhancing core stability can enhance the lumbopelvic-hip musculature's strength, coordination, and endurance, potentially reducing physical deficits linked to compromised trunk function. Because these muscles are crucial for both stability and lumbar posture control (by the employment of Core stability is commonly utilized in whole-body exercises to enhance the strength of the muscles around the stomach, lumbar, and pelvic regions, whether they be tonic or postural muscles. The trunk is the body's center pivot point, serving as a vital component for functional activity, balance, postural control, and extremity coordination. Consequently, the trunk is very important. in the recovery procedure. There is a substantial body of research demonstrating that Trunk control, balance when sitting and standing, and mobility can all be improved with trunk training. in stroke patients, according to recent studies in systemic reviews. So, the purpose of the current study was to detect the effect of core stability exercise on symmetrical weight bearing in patients with chronic stroke Inclusion Criteria: 1. Forty hemiparetic patients were diagnosed and referred to by a neurologist. 2. All patients must be ambulant 3. The spasticity of lower limbs ranges from (grade 1: 1+) according to Modified Ashworth Scale. 4. Patients with sufficient cognitive abilities that enables them to understand and follow instructions (Mini-Mental Scale \>24). ( 5. Age ranges from 50 to 65 years in both sexes. 6. Duration of stroke was more than 6 months up to 24 months. - Exclusion Criteria: * The patients were excluded if they had any of the following: 1. Musculoskeletal disorders such as severe arthritis grade (3-4) of osteoarthritis, lower limb fractures less than 6 months or contractures of fixed deformity. 2. Cognitive impairment (a score less than 24 according to the MMSE) 3. Patients with diabetic neuropathy. 4. Recurrent stroke. 5. Rheumatologic or endocrinologic disorders that may cause ROM restriction. 6. Patients suffering from cognitive, or emotional disturbance.
Determination of HIV-1 Production by the Prostate Determination of HIV-1 Production by the Prostate Virus present in semen likely contributes substantially to the sexual transmission of HIV. However, the source of HIV in semen is unknown. Some evidence suggests that the prostate may be the source of at least some of the virus in semen. This study is designed to determine whether the prostate may serve as the source of virus in semen by comparing the concentration of HIV-1 RNA in semen donated normally, in semen obtained following prostatic massage, and in expressed prostatic secretions. Finding a source for semen HIV would provide important insights into several aspects of HIV sexual transmission. Since some drugs do not enter the prostate well, the finding that virus is produced in the prostate might suggest the prostate could serve as a reservoir for HIV, leading to the development of resistance to antiviral agents. Virus present in semen likely contributes substantially to the sexual transmission of HIV. However, the source of HIV in semen is unknown. Some evidence suggests that the prostate may be the source of at least some of the virus in semen. This study is designed to determine whether the prostate may serve as the source of virus in semen by comparing the concentration of HIV-1 RNA in semen donated normally, in semen obtained following prostatic massage, and in expressed prostatic secretions. Finding a source for semen HIV would provide important insights into several aspects of HIV sexual transmission. Since some drugs do not enter the prostate well, the finding that virus is produced in the prostate might suggest the prostate could serve as a reservoir for HIV, leading to the development of resistance to antiviral agents. HIV positive male. Willing and able to participate on study. Age greater than or equal to 18 years. Stable antiretroviral therapy for the preceding 4 weeks and judged likely to remain on stable therapy for the study. Patients with a history of vasectomy or orchiectomy may be admitted to the study, but the data obtained from those patients will be analyzed separately on a pilot basis. Able to provide informed consent. Clinically stable. No clinical or laboratory evidence of bacterial prostatitis. No clinical or laboratory evidence of genito-urinary tract infection. No history of prostatectomy. Absolute neutrophil count greater than 500/ul. Platelets greater than 50,000. Patient must not have had treatment within the prior 8 weeks with anti-androgens or estrogens. Stable therapy with anabolic steroids will be allowed. Patient must not have localized or systemic disease which would, in the opinion of the investigator(s), render the patient at risk following prostatic massage and/or the donation of semen.
Assessment of Markers of Stress in Acute Ischemic Stroke With Hyperglycemia "Is Non Diabetic Hyperglycemia in Acute Ischemic Stroke Part of a Systemic Stress Response" Hyperglycemia is present in 50 percent of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Patients with hyperglycemia have higher in hospital, 30 and 90 day mortality and morbidity. Sixty percent of these patients have some form of diabetic syndrome, known or unknown. Remaining 40% of patients are not diabetic. Contrary to logic patients with non diabetic hyperglycemia (NDH) have statistically higher morbidity and mortality compared to the diabetic hyperglycemia (DH) cohort. So far multiple treatment trials (THIS, GRASP, GIST-UK, SHINE ongoing) with differing treatment goals have shown no clear benefit, however no obvious distinction was made along the diabetic and non-diabetic hyperglycemic groups. If hyperglycemia in the acute phase was the only culprit in worsening the injury, then there should be no difference in the outcomes for DH and NDH. Existing data implies that the two categories are two distinct physiological entities that are thus not amenable to same treatment. Stating it simply NDH is not an insulin deficient state where as DH is. Alternative possibility is that body and Neurons are accustomed to high sugars in diabetics and thus can tolerate higher sugars better during ischemic stroke compared to non diabetics. The overarching hypothesis is that reducing blood sugars in NDH increases stroke volume and thus consequently worsens outcome. 1.1 Background Hyperglycemia is present in 50 percent of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Patients with hyperglycemia have higher in hospital, 30 and 90 day mortality and morbidity. Sixty percent of these patients have some form of diabetic syndrome, known or unknown. Remaining 40% of patients are not diabetic. Contrary to logic patients with non diabetic hyperglycemia (NDH) have statistically higher morbidity and mortality compared to the diabetic hyperglycemia (DH) cohort. So far multiple treatment trials (THIS, GRASP, GIST-UK, SHINE ongoing) with different treatment goals have shown no clear benefit. If hyperglycemia in the acute phase was the only culprit in worsening the injury, then there should be no difference in the outcomes for DH and NDH. Existing data implies that the two categories are distinct physiological entities that are thus not amenable to same treatment. Stating it simply NDH is not an insulin deficient state where as DH is. Alternative possibility is that body and Neurons are accustomed to high sugars in diabetics and thus can tolerate higher sugars better during ischemic stroke compared to non diabetics. The overarching hypothesis is that reducing blood sugars in NDH increases stroke volume and thus consequently worsens outcome. 1.2 Investigational Agent: No planned investigational agent is tested as part of this study. 1.3 Pre-clinical Data Currently there is clear data that patients that present with acute ischemic stroke have higher (two times) mortality at discharge and 90 day mark. Multiple clinical studies so far have not revealed any clear benefit of treatment (GIST-UK). There do seem to be two distinct groups when it comes to hyperglycemia at presentation of DM, HG in association of Diabetes and without any history of Diabetes. The outcomes in the two groups vary greatly. 1.4 Clinical Data to Date Please see attached article with references. 1.5 Dose Rationale and Risk/Benefits There is no drug or device or intervention that will be tested in this study. This study involves collection of blood samples from the patients who meet the inclusion criteria. Our goal is to be able to see if there is any difference between the two groups of patients. 2 Study Objectives Primary Objective: Assess difference in laboratory values between two groups of patients. Null Hypothesis: There is no difference in laboratory values between DH and NDH 3 Study Design 3.1 General Design This is a exploratory study to assess the difference in the lab values in two groups of patients. Patients that present to University of Minnesota Medical Center with acute ischemic stroke and are hyperglycemic (Blood sugar of more than 130 mg/dl) will be eligible for the study. Pre-specified volume of blood will be collected for lab analysis. This study does not involve testing of any procedure, drug or device. Step One - Identify patients that have Ischemic strokes and have hyperglycemia \>130 mg/dl. Step Two: - Obtain Consent from patient or POA. Step Three:(Once consent obtained) - Collect first set of blood samples from patients with the first blood draw between 0-8 hours from time of ER arrival. Second blood sample will be collected in 9-16 hours and a 3rd one in 17-24 hour period. Step Four: - No further data will be collected from patient. Study end point is difference in laboratory values between DH and NDH groups. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients with acute Ischemic stroke that present to UMMC ER. 2. Age 18-100. 3. Subjects are hyperglycemic (defined as blood sugar above 130mg/dl). Exclusion Criteria: 1. Blood sugars less than 130mg/dl. 2. Age less than 18 or more than 100. 3. Difficult blood draw.
GCC 1366: Anti-Proliferative Response to NeoAdjuvant AIs in Overweight and Obese Patients GCC 1366: A Prospective Study of Neoadjuvant Non-Steroidal Aromatase Inhibitors to Evaluate Anti-Proliferative Response in Obese and Overweight Patients More than three quarter of patients with breast cancer are treated by hormone pills called tamoxifen and aromatase inhibitors (AIs). AIs are drugs that stop female hormone production. This hormone production mostly happens in fat, muscle, and breast tissue in postmenopausal women. The female hormone estrogen is an important hormone for the growth of breast cancer cells. Anastrozole (Arimidex®) and Letrozole (Femara®) are AIs that are approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). They have been used since 2005 to treat women with early stage breast cancer. When given before surgery (neoadjuvant), both anastrozole and letrozole have been shown to successfully shrink breast cancer tumors in most patients. In over 50% of patients, anastrozole and letrozole when given for about 4 months also helped to improve surgery outcomes. On top of that, whether or not a patient responds to anastrozole and letrozole before surgery can help the doctor decide whether that patient needs additional chemotherapy. One of the things may influence the level of hormone is body weight. It has been previously shown that postmenopausal women with higher body fat have higher level of female hormone as well as an increased risk of breast cancer. This is likely due to an increase in aromatase activity in the fatty tissue. However, at the current time AIs are used at the same doses in all women with breast cancer no matter whether they have different body weight. Currently, we do not know for certain whether the same doses of AIs work as well in patients with higher body fat compared to patients with less body fat. The purpose of this study is to see if women with higher body fat respond differently to AI treatment compared to women with lower body fat. GCC 1366 is a prospective randomized window trial to evaluate the anti-proliferative response in obese and overweight breast cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant non-steroidal aromatase inhibitors. Post-menopausal women over the age of 18 years with estrogen receptor positive Her 2 neu negative stage II-III breast cancer are eligible. Participants will be randomized according to BMI to neoadjuvant treatment with Arimidex or Letrozole. A total of 90 patients will be enrolled with 15 patients in each cohort below. * Cohort 1: Patients with BMI \< 25.0 kg/m2 treating with anastrozole * Cohort 2: Patients with BMI ≥ 25.0-29.9 kg/m2 treating with anastrozole * Cohort 3: Patients with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 treating with anastrozole * Cohort 4: Patients with BMI \< 25.0 kg/m2 treating with letrozole * Cohort 5: Patients with BMI ≥ 25.0-29.9 kg/m2 treating with letrozole * Cohort 6: Patients with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 treating with letrozole Based on the patients' calculated BMI, patients in each BMI category (normal, overweight, and obese) will be enrolled in the different cohorts as described above. The first 15 patients in each BMI category will be treated with anastrozole. After completion of enrollment in cohorts 1, 2, and 3, subsequent patients will be treated with letrozole in cohorts 4, 5, and 6. Anastrozole 1 mg or Letrozole 2.5 mg oral daily will be administered and continued for a minimum of 14 days and a maximum of 28 days (2-4 weeks). Surgery will be performed between weeks 2-3 of treatment unless there are compelling medical or personal reasons that prevent a patient from having surgery during this time. In those cases, patients may continue anastrozole or letrozole up to 4 weeks before surgery. Surgery should be performed within 36 hours of the last dose of anastrozole or letrozole. Tumor tissue that is obtained for diagnosis or to assess response to initial AI therapy will be utilized for correlative studies. A patient may be continued on anastrozole or letrozole beyond 4 weeks (up to 18 weeks) if in the opinion of the treating physician, the patient will benefit from extended endocrine therapy. In this context, patients will have a core needle biopsy performed at 2-4 weeks after treatment to assess Ki67 response to AI therapy. Patients with an appropriate response to treatment as determined by a decrease in Ki67 levels (≤10%) will be continued on AI treatment. Patients without an appropriate decrease in Ki67 levels will be recommended to have immediate surgery or a switch to neoadjuvant chemotherapy if desired by the patient and treating physician. Patients on extended AI neoadjuvant treatment having core biopsy at 2-4 weeks for Ki67 determination for clinical decision making will be approached and consented for additional research tissues to be taken at the same time as the biopsy for Ki67 determination. Blood samples will be collected prior to starting treatment and within 3 days or on the day of surgery. Additional blood samples will be obtained as clinically necessary. Clinical assessment will be performed prior to enrollment and within 3 days or on the day of surgery. For patients who continue neoadjuvant endocrine therapy past 4 weeks, clinical assessment will be performed at the time of clinical biopsy and every 4-6 weeks thereafter. For clinical evidence of progression, patients will be offered immediate surgery or switch to neoadjuvant chemotherapy at the discretion of the treating physician. Radiological assessment including mammogram, ultrasound, and breast MRI will be performed as per standard of care. Patients will be followed for 30 days on study after the last dose of anastrozole or letrozole prior to surgery. For patients who receive extended neoadjuvant therapy with anastrozole or letrozole and for patients who receive other primary treatment after anastrozole or letrozole administration prior to surgery, patients will be followed for 30 days on study after the last dose of anastrozole or letrozole. Patients continuing to experience adverse events attributable to anastrozole or letrozole will be followed as needed until resolution or stabilization of the adverse events. Patients who are either found to be ineligible or refuse to start treatment after consenting will not be followed and will be replaced. Their information will not be collected. After 30 days after the last dose of anastrozole or letrozole, if there are no continuing adverse events attributable to treatment, patients will be off study. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Female greater than or equal to 18 years. 2. Postmenopausal status, defined by no menstrual cycle for 12 months or surgical removal of ovaries. 3. Histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the breast. 4. Evidence of hormone sensitive, ER rich primary tumor defined by an Allred score of ≥6. 5. Human estrogen receptor -2 (HER2) negative in the primary tumor tissue as defined by: 1. Grade 0 or 1+ staining intensity (on a scale of 0 to 3) by means of IHC analysis OR 2. Grade 2+ staining intensity by means of immuno-histochemical (IHC) analysis with gene amplification on fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) \< 2.0 OR 3. Gene amplification on fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) \< 2.0. 6. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status ≤ 3 7. Unresected operable breast cancer stage I-III with primary tumor ≥ 2.0 cm. 8. Ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document. 9. Patients must not have received any prior chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or endocrine therapy for their current breast cancer. Patients who received tamoxifen or raloxifene or another agent for prevention of breast cancer may be included as long as the patient has discontinued the treatment at least one month prior to baseline study biopsy. 10. Patients must have an adequate tumor tissue sample prior to enrollment available for correlative studies as defined below: Core needle biopsy or incisional biopsy samples that can provide ≥ 5 unstained sections of 5 micron thickness. Fine needle aspiration (FNA) sample alone is not sufficient. 11. Patients must have adequate organ function as defined below: 1. Total bilirubin within normal institutional limits 2. aspartate aminotransferase (AST)(SGOT)/alanine aminotransferase (ALT)(SGPT) \< 2.5 x institutional upper limit of normal 3. Creatinine clearance ≥ 10 mL/min/1.73 m2 Exclusion Criteria: 1. Previous or current systemic malignancy within the past 3 years other than breast cancer or adequately treated cervical carcinoma in situ or basal/squamous carcinoma of the skin. 2. Patients may not be receiving any other investigational agent. 3. History of allergic reactions or hypersensitivity to compounds of similar chemical or biologic composition to anastrozole or letrozole.
Treatment of Tempromandibular Joint Anterior Disc Displacement With Different Materials Hyaluronic Acid Versus Platelet Lysate in The Treatment of Temporomandibular Joint Anterior Disc Displacement With Reduction: A Randomized Clinical Trial comparing the clinical efficacy of intra-articular injection of platelet lysate (PL), versus Hyaluronic Acid after arthrocentesis in the management of patients with anterior disc displacement with reduction. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients that will be diagnosed with anterior disc displacement with reduction (ADDWR) both clinically and through magnetic resonance imaging scan (MRI). * Patients who will not respond to a previous conservative therapy. * Patients with pain in temporomandibular joints. * Patients with normal or limitation in mouth opening. * Patients with clicking sound. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with previous invasive TMJ surgical procedures. * Patients with inflammatory or connective tissue diseases. * Patients with neurologic disorders. * Patients with history of bony or fibrous adhesion. * Patients having gross mechanical restrictions and condylar fractures. * Patients with psychological problems. * Patients receiving anti-coagulation treatment, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs within 48 hours pre-operatively, corticosteroid injection at the treatment site within one month or systemic use of corticosteroids within 2 weeks.
Effectiveness of Nucleoside Supplementation or Switch to Tenofovir in Reversing Fat Loss in HIV Infected Adults Reversibility of Mitochondrial Toxicity in HIV Lipoatrophy HIV lipoatrophy is a condition marked by fat loss; it occurs in many patients taking antiretroviral (ARV) therapy that includes nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs). Lipoatrophy may be related to mitochondrial toxicity, a condition that can damage the heart, nerves, muscles, kidneys, and liver, and can affect the body's ability to produce energy. NucleomaxX is a food supplement consisting of a sugar cane extract high in nucleosides, which are building blocks that may counteract the negative effects of NRTIs. Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) is an NRTI that may cause less lipoatrophy than other drugs in its class, such as zidovudine (ZDV) or stavudine (d4T). The purpose of this study is to determine whether nucleoside supplementation with NucleomaxX and substitution of TDF for ZDV or d4T in an ARV regimen can reverse fat loss caused by mitochondrial toxicity in HIV infected adults. Study hypotheses: 1) The substitution of TDF for d4T or ZDV in patients with HIV lipoatrophy will result in an increase in mitochondrial DNA content in fat, skeletal muscle, and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), which in turn will lead to an improvement in mitochondrial function as assessed by electron transport chain (ETC) and oxidative phosphorylation pathway (OXPHOS) activity. The latter should lead to a decrease in fat apoptosis and in mitochondrial and lipid oxidative damage biomarkers. 2) Supplementation with uridine (via NucleomaxX) will increase mtDNA content in adipose tissue and increase body fat content. NRTIs are an important part of many ARV regimens used to treat HIV infected patients; however, the relationship between NRTI-induced mitochondrial dysfunction and lipoatrophy is still unclear and requires additional research. Additionally, the relationship between the gain in dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA)-measured limb fat and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content, mitochondrial function, fat apoptosis, and oxidative damage will also be examined in this study. Patients will participate in this study for 48 weeks. Participants will be randomly assigned to one of two groups. Group 1 patients will receive NucleomaxX every other day. Group 2 patients will substitute TDF for ZDV or d4T every day in their current stable NRTI-containing ARV regimen. NucleomaxX will be provided to Group 1 patients, but TDF or any other ARV will not be provided by this study. There will be 10 study visits, which will occur at study entry and Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 18, 24, 30, 36, and 48. Blood collection will occur at all visits. Additionally, urine collection, DEXA scans, and fat biopsies will be done at study entry and Weeks 24 and 48. Inclusion Criteria: * Diagnosis of HIV lipoatrophy * Receiving a stable stavudine- or zidovudine-containing ARV regimen * HIV-1 RNA viral load less than 50 copies/ml Exclusion Criteria: * Coagulopathies or other bleeding disorders * Diabetes requiring medication * Creatinine clearance less than 50 ml/min * Pregnancy or breastfeeding
Efficacy and Safety of Nemolizumab in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis With Inadequate Response to or for Whom Cyclosporine A is Not Medically Advisable A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Nemolizumab in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis With Inadequate Response to or for Whom Cyclosporine A is Not Medically Advisable The primary objective of this study is to investigate the efficacy of nemolizumab administered in combination with topical background therapy (topical corticosteroids \[TCS\] with or without topical calcineurin inhibitors \[TCI\]) in adult participants with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) who are not adequately controlled with or are not advised to use oral cyclosporine A (CsA) for medical reasons. The secondary objective is to investigate the safety of nemolizumab in adult participants with moderate-to-severe AD who are not adequately controlled with or are not advised to use oral CsA for medical reasons. The study will be carried out in up to 70 different locations across Europe. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Chronic AD for at least 2 years before the screening visit and confirmed according to American Academy of Dermatology Consensus at the time of the screening visit. 2. EASI score ≥ 20 at both the screening and baseline visits. Participant with an EASI score of 18-19 at the screening visit only may be reevaluated once within 48 hours. 3. IGA score ≥ 3 (based on the IGA scale ranging from 0 to 4, in which 3 is moderate and 4 is severe) at both the screening and baseline visits. 4. AD involvement ≥ 10% of BSA at both the screening and baseline visits. 5. Documented history by a physician (within 6 months before the screening visit) of inadequate response to topical medications or use of systemic therapies for control of the disease. 6. Agree to apply a moisturizer throughout the study from the screening visit; agree to apply an authorized TCS, with or without TCI, from the screening visit and throughout the study as determined appropriate by the investigator. 7. Documented history of one of the following, where CsA treatment should not be continued/restarted or participant is not currently a candidate for CsA treatment: 1. Inadequate response to CsA with previous exposure (defined as flare of AD during CsA tapering from a maximum of 6 weeks of high dose \[5 mg/kg/day\] to maintenance dose \[2 to 3 mg/kg/day\] or a flare after a minimum of 3 months on maintenance dose). Flare is defined as increase in signs and/or symptoms leading to escalation of therapy (ie, increase in dose, switch to a higher-potency topical corticosteroids \[TCS\] or start of another systemic nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drug), or 2. Previous requirement for CsA at doses \> 5 mg/kg/day, or duration beyond those specified in the prescribing information (\> 1 year) 3. Intolerance and/or unacceptable toxicity (eg, elevated creatinine, elevated liver function tests, uncontrolled hypertension, paresthesia, headache, nausea, hypertrichosis) with previous CsA exposure 4. CsA is medically inadvisable due to medical contraindication, use of prohibited medications, risk of AEs (eg, serious infection) or toxicity (eg, renal or liver damage), or hypersensitivity to CsA or excipients, in the opinion of the investigator Acceptable documentation includes patient records with information on CsA prescription and treatment outcome, other prohibitive medications/medical history, or written documentation of the conversation with the participant's treating physician, if different than the investigator, as applicable. 8. Other protocol defined inclusion criteria could apply. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Body weight \< 30 kg. 2. One or more of the following criteria at screening or baseline: 1. Exacerbation of asthma requiring hospitalization in the preceding 12 months. 2. Asthma that has not been well controlled (i.e, symptoms occurring on \> 2 days per week, nighttime awakenings 2 or more times per week, or some interference with normal activities) during the preceding 3 months. 3. Asthma Control Test (ACT) ≤ 19 (only for subjects with a history of asthma). 4. Peak expiratory flow (PEF) \< 80% of the predicted value. 3. Current medical history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and/or chronic bronchitis. 4. Positive serology results (hepatitis B surface antigen \[HBsAg\] or hepatitis B core antibody \[HBcAb\], hepatitis C \[HCV\] antibody with positive HCV RNA, or human immunodeficiency virus \[HIV\] antibody) at the screening visit. 5. Presence of confounding skin conditions that may interfere with study assessments. 6. Planned or expected major surgical procedure during the clinical study. 7. Other protocol defined exclusion criteria could apply.
Multimodal Mobile Intervention Application (App) to Address Sexual Dysfunction in Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Survivors Multimodal Mobile Intervention Application (App) to Address Sexual Dysfunction in Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Survivors This research study is being done to evaluate whether the use of a mobile app can help transplant survivors experiencing sexual health problems. Frequently survivors of stem cell transplantation report significant problems with their sexual function that impacts their quality of life, mood, and their intimacy and relationship with their partners. These issues can be very distressing to patients and their loved ones. The study doctors want to know if the use of a mobile app intervention focused on improving sexual function may improve participants overall care. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients (≥18 years) who underwent an autologous or allogeneic HCT at least 3 months prior to study enrollment. * Ability to speak English or able to complete questionnaires with assistance required from an interpreter or family member. * Positive screen for sexual dysfunction that is causing distress based on the NCCN survivorship guidelines Exclusion Criteria: * Recurrent disease requiring treatment * Significant uncontrolled psychiatric disorder (psychotic disorder, bipolar disorder, major depression) or other co-morbid disease (dementia, cognitive impairment), which the treating clinician believes prohibits the ability to participate in study procedures.
Evaluation the Effects of Various Treatments on RZL-012-Induced Adverse Events An Open Label Phase 2 Study to Evaluate the Effects of a Local Anesthetic, Anti-inflammatory Medications and Compression Garments on RZL-012-Induced Adverse Events This is a Phase 2, open-label, 2-stage, adaptive-design study in which subjects will be randomized into one of 5 treatment groups comprised of RZL-012 with or without additional study treatments: In the first stage of the study, 5 subjects will be randomized into each of the treatment groups. Study outcomes will be assessed up to one week thereafter to determine the need to modify additional study treatments. Subsequently up to 10 additional subjects will be randomized into each of the treatment groups for the second stage of the study. For each subject, the study will consist of a screening period, baseline period in which subjects will receive a single treatment session of RZL-012 and a follow-up period. RZL-012 will be administered during a single treatment session via multiple injections into the submental area under the chin. Subjects will thereafter be monitored for safety and efficacy for at least 84 days. Each subject will be treated with the same dose of RZL-012 : • RZL-012 (concentration of injected solution 50 mg/mL RZL-012) of 7.5 mg/0.15 mL/injection point that results in a total dose/volume of 240±30mg mg/4.8±0.6 mL RZL-012, Each subject will receive additional study treatments in accordance with the treatment group to which the subject is randomized. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Is a male or female subject between the ages of 18 and 65 years, inclusive. 2. Has body mass index (BMI) between \>22 kg/m2 and \<40 kg/m2. 3. Has SMF bulge that is contiguous and fits to 32±4 injections sites according to a grid with 1 centimeter (cm) distance between injection points. 4. Has grade 3 to 4 of SMF as rated by both the C-CAT and S-CAT. 5. Has stable weight, with no fluctuation of \>5 kg in the past 12 months. 6. If female, is not pregnant or breastfeeding based on the following: 1. agree to the use of highly effective contraceptive methods for at least 2 weeks before baseline until 4 weeks after the last day of study drug and a negative serum pregnancy test (ß-hCG) at screening and negative urine pregnancy test at baseline; or 2. is of nonchildbearing potential defined as clinically infertile as the result of surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, and/or bilateral oophorectomy); or 3. is confirmed postmenopausal status (defined as either having amenorrhea for ≥ 12 consecutive months without another cause and documented serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) level \> 40 mIU/mL or another documented medical condition (e.g., was born without a uterus)) NOTE: The following are considered highly effective contraceptive methods: hormonal oral contraceptives, injectables, and patches; intrauterine devices; double-barrier methods (synthetic condom, diaphragm, or cervical cap used with spermicidal foam, cream, or gel); and male partner sterilization. 7. If male (with or without vasectomy), agree to the use of highly effective contraceptive methods as listed above in criteria 7 as well as to use a barrier method, e.g. condom , from study check-in until 7 days after drug injection. 8. Is willing to avoid strenuous exercise for seven (7) days post treatment. 9. Is able to adhere to the visit schedule and protocol requirements and be available to complete the study. 10. Is willing and able to sign an Institutional Review Board (IRB) approved informed consent form (ICF) indicating that they are aware of the investigational nature of the study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Is unable to tolerate subcutaneous injections. 2. Has dysfunctional gallbladder activity (e.g., underwent cholecystectomy or cholecystitis). 3. Has any systemic disease including but not limited to gastritis or ulcers, renal dysfunction, hypertension, liver disease, glaucoma, diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. 4. Has any contraindications to oral corticosteroids (prednisone), NSAIDs (e.g., Celecoxib) or non-sedative antihistamines (e.g. Zyrtec) 5. Has skin laxity (i.e., elastosis, skin crepiness, skin redundancy, skin draping, vertical and/or horizontal skin bands and folds, blunting of cervical mental angle, loss of opposition of skin to underlying neck structures due to skin laxity) that could obscure the evaluation and treatment of SMF. 6. Has any scars, unshaven hair, tattoos, facial hair or jewelry on or near the proposed treatment area. 7. Has presence of structures or confounding factors that may interfere with assessing SMF such as but not limited to enlarged submandibular salivary and/or parotid glands, micrognanthia, chin implant, soft tissue volume augmentation of chin and/or jawline, pronounced platysmal bands and deep necklace lines or presence of facial jowls that could obscure the evaluation of SMF. 8. Has a fat bulge under the chin that is too large to be adequately treated by 32±4 contiguous injections on a 1cm grid . 9. Has a fat bulge under the chin that is of an insufficient volume to allow 32±4 injections within a contiguous 1 cm grid. 10. Has significant history or current evidence of a medical, psychological or other disorder that, in the Investigator's opinion, would preclude enrollment in the study. 11. Has an active bacterial, fungal, or viral infection in the proposed treatment area. 12. Has a pre-existing skin condition in the submental region that, at the Investigator's discretion, may confound evaluation or analysis. 13. Has previously had treatments or surgery in the submentum, such as but not limited to, focused ultrasound, radiofrequency, cryolipolysis, liposuction, sodium deoxycholate, or neck lift. 14. Has pre-existing neurological or gastrointestinal condition leading to dysphagia, dysphonia, or facial nerve palsy. 15. Has Dercum's Disease. 16. Has allergic reactions to injectables 17. Has allergic reactions to Zyrtec or Celecoxib. 18. Has any pre-existing medical condition other than increased SMF that, at the Investigator's discretion, may result in increased submental fullness, such as but not limited to, thyroid enlargement, goiter, cervical lymphadenopathy, etc. 19. Has a planned fat reduction procedure of any variety to the submental region for the duration of the study. 20. Has medication or a history of coagulopathy. 21. Has a history or family history of venous thrombotic disease. 22. Has been treated chronically at least three (3) months prior to study entry with systemic steroids or immunosuppressive drugs. 23. Has been treated chronically at least one (1) week prior to study entry with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) 24. Has used anticoagulation therapies that may increase bleeding or bruising (i.e., aspirin, ibuprofen/Celecoxib, warfarin, vitamins, and herbal preparations) for seven (7) days prior to treatment. 25. .Has had treatment with botulinum toxin injections in the neck or chin area within nine (9) months prior to screening. 26. Current participation or participation within three (3) months prior to the start of this study in a drug or other investigational research study.
Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma A Phase I/II Trial of a Human Anti-Idiotypic Monoclonal Antibody Vaccine (4B5) Which Mimics the GD2 Antigen, in Patients With Melanoma RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma at high risk for recurrence following surgery to remove the tumor. OBJECTIVES: I. Determine the toxicity of the human anti-idiotypic monoclonal antibody vaccine (4B5) plus adjuvant sargramostim (GM-CSF) or alum in patients with stage III or IV melanoma at high risk for recurrence following surgical resection. II. Determine whether 4B5 is associated with the development of humoral and/or cellular anti-anti-idiotypic immune response in these patients. III. Determine whether the immune response generated against 4B5 is also directed against the melanoma-associated GD2 antigen in these patients. IV. Determine whether the 4B5 plus adjuvant GM-CSF or alum can elicit an immune response to GD2 in these patients. OUTLINE: Patients are assigned sequentially to one of two treatment arms. Arm I: Patients receive human anti-idiotypic monoclonal antibody vaccine (4B5) in sargramostim (GM-CSF) subcutaneously (SQ) on days 0, 14, 28, and 42. Patients receive GM-CSF alone SQ at vaccination site on days 2, 3, and 4 following immunization. Arm II: Patients receive 4B5 plus alum SQ on days 0, 14, 28, and 42. Cohorts of 5 patients receive treatment every 2 weeks for up to 4 courses in the absence of unacceptable toxicity. PROJECTED ACCRUAL: A maximum of 50 patients (25 per arm) will be accrued for this study. DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS: Pathologically proven stage III or IV melanoma at high risk for recurrence following surgical resection The following patients are eligible: Resected satellite or intransit metastasis with no evidence of residual disease OR Resected solitary metastatic lesion(s) with no residual disease OR Metastatic melanoma with measurable disease without noncutaneous lesion(s) greater than 5 cm in diameter OR Stage III disease not eligible for interferon alfa therapy No active CNS disease PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Age: Over 18 Performance status: Karnofsky 70-100% Life expectancy: Not specified Hematopoietic: WBC at least 3,500/mm3 Platelet count at least 100,000/mm3 Hepatic: Bilirubin less than 1.5 mg/dL Renal: BUN less than 30 mg/dL Creatinine less than 2 mg/dL Other: Not pregnant Negative pregnancy test Fertile patients must use effective contraception HIV negative No prior or concurrent active peripheral neuropathy No immunodeficiency disorder or immunodeficiency state No other prior or concurrent malignancy, except: Curatively treated basal or squamous cell skin cancer Carcinoma in situ of the cervix No hypersensitivity to GM-CSF, yeast derived products, or any study component PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY: Biologic therapy: See Disease Characteristics No concurrent immunotherapy Chemotherapy: At least 6 weeks since prior chemotherapy and recovered No more than 1 prior chemotherapy regimen as adjuvant or for metastatic disease No concurrent chemotherapy Endocrine therapy: At least 2 weeks since prior glucocorticoids No concurrent systemic corticosteroids Radiotherapy: At least 4 weeks since prior radiotherapy and recovered No concurrent radiotherapy Surgery: See Disease Characteristics Other: At least 30 days since other prior investigational drugs No concurrent immunosuppressive therapy (e.g., cimetidine) No concurrent chronic antihistamine therapy
Donepezil in Preventing Delirium in Hospitalized Elderly Preventing Delirium in Hospitalized Elderly The purpose of this study is to explore the efficacy of a perioperative daily dose of Donepezil (a cholinergic enhancer) in reducing the incidence and severity of delirium. Delirium is confusion or a sudden change in alertness which may happen after hip repair surgery. Up to 65% of elderly undergoing surgical repair of hip fracture experience post-operative delirium. These individuals often stay in the hospital longer, have more complications, and are more likely to die. Early studies suggest that delirium could be prevented by correcting the central cholinergic deficit that is associated with delirium. Donepezil is currently being used to treat memory loss in patients with Alzheimer's disease. This study will recruit 30 adults aged 65 or older who are undergoing hip fracture surgery. Participants will be randomized to receive either Donepezil or a matching placebo within 24 hours prior to surgery and for 4 days after the surgery. All material to be collected will be from interviews, questionnaires, and medical chart review at baseline and daily for the entire hospital stay. The Confusion Assessment Method (CAM) and Memorial Delirium Assessment Scale (MDAS) will be used to evaluate the effect of Donepezil on delirium incidence and severity. Other assessments include cognitive deficit, length of hospitalization, discharge site, adverse effects, and psychotropic medications. Inclusion Criteria: * Community-dwelling individuals aged 65 or older * Admitted to Methodist Hospital for surgical repair of hip fracture * No evidence of delirium at admission to hospital * MMSE total score below 24 points after adjustment for education and age * Consent to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * Severely demented as defined by MMSE score below 10 * Metastatic cancer or other comorbid illnesses likely to reduce life expectancy to under 6 months * Multiple trauma or pathological fractures * Aphasic, legally blind, or deaf * Use of Donepezil or other cholinesterase inhibitors within one month prior to surgery * Allergy to Donepezil
Hemoclin Gel for the Treatment of Hemorrhoids Prospective, Open Clinical Investigation to Confirm the Effectiveness and Safety of Hemoclin Gel for the Treatment of Haemorrhoids. Post market, single arm, clinical investigation to assess safety and performance of the product. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Healthy subjects. 2. Sex: male or female. 3. Age: more than 18 years old. 4. Symptomatic haemorrhoids stage 1 and 2 (Goligher classification). 5. Episodes of haemorrhoid-related itching experienced at least every other day during the last two weeks before enrolment in the study. 6. Able to attempt bowel movements daily (defined as trying to have a bowel movement while sitting on the toilet for at least a few minutes, at least once daily, whether or not you feel the need to have a bowel movement that day). 7. Able and willing to provide informed consent and comply with study procedures Exclusion Criteria: 1. Pregnant or nursing woman or planning a pregnancy during the study. 2. Subject not able or not willing to provide informed consent and comply with study procedures 3. Subject who had been deprived of their freedom by administrative or legal decision. 4. Major subject who is under guardianship or who is not able to express his consent. 5. Subject in a social or sanitary establishment. 6. Subject suspected to be non-compliant according to the Investigator's judgment. In terms of associated pathology 7. Grade III or IV haemorrhoids (Goligher classification). 8. Other pre-existing anal disorders and diseases including Crohns disease, ulcerative colitis, undefined inflammatory bowel disease, anal fissures, perianal fistulas, perianal rash or eczema, rectal prolapse, rectocele, benign or malignant anal and rectal tumor and perianal infections. 9. Any anal surgery (including surgical or instrumental procedures in the last 60 days). Relating to previous or ongoing treatment 10. Any anal topical medication applied in last 7 days. 11. Known or suspected sensitivity or allergy to ingredients of the investigational product. In terms of COVID pandemic 12. Subject who was abroad in a country with higher incidence rate of Covid-19 than Poland within 14 days before the beginning of the study. 13. Subject presenting following symptoms: cough, shortness of breath, elevated body temperature - equal and above 37.5°C. 14. Subject who had contact with any person infected with COVID-19 within 10 days before the beginning of the study. 15. Subject who is currently during home quarantine recommended by the Sanitary Inspection
The Second Intensive Blood Pressure Reduction in Acute Cerebral Haemorrhage Trial An International Randomised Controlled Trial to Establish the Effects of Early Intensive Blood Pressure Lowering in Patients With Intracerebral Haemorrhage. The purpose of this academic lead study is to determine if a treatment strategy of early intensive blood pressure (BP) lowering compared to conservative BP lowering policy in patients with elevated blood pressure within 6 hours of acute intracerebral haemorrhage (ICH) improves the outcome of death and disability at 3 months after onset. Intracerebral haemorrhage (ICH) is one of the most serious subtypes of stroke, affecting over a million people worldwide each year, most of whom live in Asia. About one third of people with ICH die early after onset and the majority of survivors are left with major long-term disability. Despite the magnitude of the disease burden and cost on healthcare resources, there remains uncertainty about the role of surgery for ICH and no acute medical therapies have been shown to definitely alter outcome in ICH. The INTERACT2 study follows the recently completed initial pilot study vanguard phase) which established the feasibility of the protocol, safety of early intensive BP lowering, and effects on haematoma expansion within 6 hours of onset of ICH. Having established 'proof-of-concept' that BP lowering may improve outcome by reducing haematoma expansion, INTERACT2 aims to establish the effects of the treatment on major clinical endpoints in patients with ICH recruited from an expanding clinical network around the world. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with CT-confirmed spontaneous Intracerebral Haemorrhage (ICH) * Elevated systolic blood pressure (\>150mmHg and \<220mmHg) * Capacity to commence randomly assigned treatment within 6 hours of onset of ICH. * Able to be 'actively' treated and admitted to a monitored facility Exclusion Criteria: * Clear indication or contraindication to intensive BP lowering. * Evidence ICH secondary to a structural abnormality * Use of thrombolytic agent * Previous ischaemic stroke within 30 days * A very high likelihood that the patient will die within the next 24 hours on the basis of clinical and/or radiological criteria * Score of 3-5 on the Glasgow Coma Scale (indicating deep coma) * Significant pre-stroke disability or advanced dementia * Planned early neurological intervention * Participation in another clinical trial. * A high likelihood that the patient will not adhere to the study treatment and follow-up regimen.
Dutasteride (GI198745) In Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Subjects Clinical Evaluation of Dutasteride in Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group Comparative Study of GI198745 (Dutasteride) in Subjects With Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia. This study will assess the efficacy and safety of GI198745 0.5mg given once daily for 52 weeks to Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) patients. Inclusion Criteria: Only subjects who meet all the following criteria during the screening phase will be enrolled in the study. 1. Diagnosis: BPH 2. Age: ≥50 years 3. Gender: Male 4. Estimated prostate volume ≥30cc (by TRUS) 5. I-PSS Symptom Score (total of 7 items) ≥8 points 6. Maximum flow rate (Qmax) ≤15mL/sec (voided volume measured simultaneously ≤150mL)\*\[1\] 7. Patients who meet either of the following regarding tamsulosin HCl use: Patients with tamsulosin HCl use: Patients who have received tamsulosin HCl continuously for at least 4 weeks and who are likely to continue to take tamsulosin HCl without any change to the dosage and administration of the drug until the end of study treatment. Patients without tamsulosin HCl use: Patients who haven't received tamsulosin HCl in the past 4 weeks and who are unlikely to use tamsulosin HCl until the end of study treatment. 8. Outpatients 9. Patients who in person have given written consent Exclusion Criteria: Patients who apply to any of the following criteria during the screening phase will not be enrolled in the study. 1. Post void residual volume \>250mL (by suprapubic ultrasound). 2. History of AUR within the previous 12 weeks. 3. Evidence or history of prostate cancer. 4. PSA \>10ng/mL \[in patients with PSA \>4ng/mL, the presence of prostate cancer should be ruled out by the investigator/subinvestigator. DRE and free/total PSA ratio should be considered, and prostate biopsy be conducted if necessary\]. 5. Previous surgery (including balloon dilatation, thermotherapy and stent placement) or minimally invasive techniques for BPH. 6. Any causes other than BPH, which may in the judgment of the investigator/subinvestigator, affect evaluation of symptoms or urine flow (e.g., neurogenic bladder, bladder neck contracture, urethral stricture, bladder malignancy, acute/chronic prostatitis, acute/chronic urinary tract infection). 7. History of any unstable, serious co-existing medical condition(s) including, but not limited to, myocardial infarction, coronary bypass surgery, unstable angina, cardiac arrhythmias\*\[2\], congestive heart failure or cerebrovascular accident within the previous 6 months; or diabetes mellitus or peptic ulcer uncontrollable with medical treatment. 8. Liver function tests (AST, ALT, AL-P) \>2 times the upper limit of normal. 9. Serum cleatinine \>1.8mg/dL. 10. Use of any antiandrogen (e.g., chlormadinone acetate, allylesterenol) for BPH within the previous 12 months. 11. Use of a1-adrenoceptor blockers excluding tamsulosin HCl (e.g., prazosin HCl, urapidil slow-release capsule formulation, terazosin HCl, naftopidil), plant extract preparations for treatment of BPH (e.g., Eviprostat, cernitin pollen extract), herbal medicines (e.g., hachimi-jio-gan, gosha-jinki-gan), other drugs (e.g., Paraprost), and dietary or herbal supplements (e.g., saw palmetto) for relief of BPH symptoms within the previous 4 weeks. Use of a-adrenoceptor agonists (e.g., pseudoephedrine, phenyle * \[1\] Subjects with voided volume \<150 mL at Qmax measurement cannot be enrolled in the study and may undergo re-measurement of Qmax before the visit for Week 0 for study entry. * \[2\] Of "Degree II" according to "Grading of Side Effects (PMSB Notification No. 80 dated June 29, 1992) or equivalent (Appendix 4).
(+)-Alpha-Dihydrotetrabenazine Phase I (+)-Alpha-Dihydrotetrabenazine Phase I This research study is intended to determine the initial safety and tolerability of single oral doses of the drug (+)-alpha-dihydrotetrabenaxine (HTBZ) in normal volunteers. HTBZ is believed to be the active ingredient in the FDA-approved drug tetrabenazine (TBZ, brand name Xenazine), prescribed for treatment of involuntary movements in patients with Huntington's chorea. TBZ is a mixture of closely-related compounds (isomers) and is readily metabolized (converted) in the human body to HTBZ and related isomers. Investigators believe that HTBZ, the drug to be studied in this research, is the active ingredient in TBZ. The present study will confirm safety and tolerability of HTBZ and will investigate its expected effects on brain sites that are the target of TBZ therapy. Inclusion Criteria: * able to provide informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * pregnant or lactating female subjects * Subjects taking medications that interfere with VMAT2 (ex amphetamine) * History of significant neurologic or psychiatric conditions * Significant active medical conditions * Alcohol or illicit substance use or dependence
Diabetes Pueblo Program - Application and Acceptability of Culturally Appropriate Latino Education for Insulin Therapy Diabetes Pueblo Program - The Application and Acceptability of Culturally Appropriate Education Programs for Current or Potential Insulin Therapy Users With Type 2 Diabetes in the Latino Community Currently in the United States, the achieved level of glycemic control for adult Latinos with type 2 diabetes (T2D) is sub-optimal compared to the non-Latino Caucasian population. Among Latinos with T2D, there are unique barriers, such as socioeconomic and cultural factors, to starting and optimizing therapies, including insulin. Latinos have cultural beliefs and behaviors specific to this population that should be appropriately addressed in a diabetes self-management education and support program. Diabetes Pueblo is a diabetes education program that may be a solution to help address the barriers Latinos with T2D have to diabetes care and insulin use. The Diabetes Pueblo program consists of two targeted diabetes education curriculums for the local Latino community: (a) Diabetes Fundamentals and (b) Insulin Success, a culturally appropriate program course addressing barriers to initiating and optimizing insulin and T2D therapies. We will explore if Diabetes Pueblo Program improves knowledge of lifestyle advice for healthy eating and physical activity, increase the propensity to use insulin when clinically indicated, and improve success rates with insulin therapy by addressing common fears and negative perceptions of T2D therapies in this population. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a group of chronic disorders typified by raised blood glucose levels. An estimated 30 million people in the United States (US) (9.4% of the population) have diabetes. Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is defined by a rapid onset, often in childhood, and insulin dependence; while type 2 diabetes (T2D) is considered to have a slow onset and insulin insensitivity. Insulin is a required form of treatment for all T1D, and T2D patients who cannot achieve glycemic control through exercise and diet or other medications alone. Currently in the United States, the achieved level of glycemic control for adult Latinos with type 2 diabetes (T2D) is sub-optimal compared to the non-Latino Caucasian population. Among Latinos with T2D, there are unique barriers to starting and optimizing therapies, including insulin. Barriers include socioeconomic and cultural factors, as well as inadequate encouragement from health care providers. There are also challenges associated with access to timely and appropriate diabetes education. Some of these barriers may improve by using trained community health workers from the Latino community, as there is evidence that they are effective in supporting adherence and persistence with therapies (including insulin) and in encouraging lifestyle changes for T2D patients within their own communities. The 2017 National Standards of Care for Diabetes Self-Management Education and Support (DSME/S) outline quality, evidenced based guidelines for DSME/S programs and guide those who will be providing these services. Benefits of DSME/S programs include improved clinical outcomes such as HbA1c and quality of life while reducing hospitalizations and health care costs. Hispanics are known to have a higher prevalence of diabetes, but use of DSME/S programs are vastly underutilized which means that many individuals in the Latino community with T2D are likely not receiving critical DSME/S services. It is crucial that DSME/S services be aligned with the needs of the target population in order to increase adherence and improve health outcomes. Latinos have cultural beliefs and behaviors specific to this population that should be appropriately addressed in a DSME/S program. Diabetes Pueblo is a diabetes education program that may be a solution to help address the barriers Latinos with T2D have to diabetes care and insulin use. The Diabetes Pueblo program consists of two targeted diabetes education curriculums for the local Latino community: (a) Diabetes Fundamentals and (b) Insulin Success, a culturally appropriate program course addressing barriers to initiating and optimizing insulin and T2D therapies. Trained community health workers, also known as promotores, will deliver both programs. Ultimately, we will explore if Diabetes Pueblo Program improves knowledge of lifestyle advice for healthy eating and physical activity, increase the propensity to use insulin when clinically indicated, and improve success rates with insulin therapy by addressing common fears and negative perceptions of T2D therapies in this population. This is a prospective pilot study. The Diabetes Pueblo program applied in this study is one program that consists of two newly created, targeted education curriculums for T2D Latino adults delivered over the course of 11 weeks by designated promotores, community health workers, to approximately 20 study participants at Sansum Diabetes Research Institute. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Individuals \> 18 years of age 2. Self-reported Latino heritage 3. Fluent in Spanish 4. Type 2 diabetes diagnosis 5. Available to attend the educational series and all study visits 6. Willingness to have height, weight, waist circumference, and HbA1c measured before and after the educational course 7. Individuals with poor glycemic control, as defined by the following: * HbA1c ≥ 8% at or prior to enrollment assessment (most recent lab within 3 months or provided at Sansum Diabetes Research Institute (SDRI) screening visit), OR * HbA1c \< 8% (within the last 3 months), AND with at least one of the following (also within the last 3 months): * Fasting plasma glucose ≥ 130 mg/dL * 2-hour post-prandial or random blood glucose ≥ 180 mg/dL * ≥1 hypoglycemic event (blood glucose \< 70 mg/dL) OR * Individuals new to insulin or being considered for insulin therapy by their healthcare provider 8. Willing and able to provide consent to take part in the study 9. Based on the research staff's judgment, participant must have a good understanding, ability, and willingness to adhere to the protocol Exclusion Criteria: 1. Has a cognitive impairment, hearing difficulty, visual impairment, acute psychopathology, medical condition, or insufficient knowledge of the education program language that, in the opinion of the screener, would interfere with the ability to provide consent and participate/complete the program 2. Participation in other studies involving medications or device within 3 months prior to Visit 1 3. Known or suspected abuse of alcohol, narcotics, or illicit drugs 4. Current use of insulin pump 5. For females: Pregnancy or positive pregnancy test 6. Pharmaceutical employees or those employed in a position where they have a direct role in treating participants with diabetes.
Effectiveness of Video Messaging About Diet, Exercise and Weight Gain in Pregnancy in Regional and National Samples Effectiveness of Video Messaging About Diet, Exercise and Weight Gain in Pregnancy in Regional and National Samples The primary purpose of this study is to assess the responses of pregnant women and their social network to six videos about health in pregnancy. Our goal is to assess a) acceptability and b) understanding of core messages about healthy eating, exercise and weight gain during pregnancy. We will also assess c) non-clinical sources of health information during pregnancy. Many women engage in suboptimal lifestyle behaviors during pregnancy. Many women do not realize that unhealthy diet, exercise and weight gain behaviors can be dangerous for their pregnancy and have harmful long-term consequences for their baby. There is great need for strategies to promote accurate knowledge about healthy behaviors during pregnancy. The purpose of this study is to assess responses to a brief (\<1minute) video about healthy behaviors during pregnancy. The study sample will include pregnant women and members of their social network. Participants will be asked to watch a brief video and complete an anonymous online survey measuring their response to the video, and their basic demographics. The surveys will also assess how family and friends impact pregnant women's health behaviors. Online surveys are entirely anonymous. We will recruit pregnant participants from two sources: the University of Michigan Health System's prenatal clinics and a social media website (Facebook). Inclusion Criteria: * Women * Currently Pregnant * Age 18 or over * English-speaking Exclusion Criteria: * Deny being currently pregnant * Do not identify as living in the US and aged 18 years or older * Report having previously participated in the study
Modified Hook Wiring Technique for Greater Tuberosity Fractures, a Prospective Study Modified Hook Wiring Technique for Greater Tuberosity Fractures, a Prospective Study the purpose of this study is to assess functional and radiological outcome of open reduction and internal fixation of isolated displaced greater tuberosity fractures (more than 5mm displacement) in adults advocating modified hook wiring with a follow-up period of one year. after being informed about the study and potential risks, all enrolled cases giving informed consent will undergo fixation of their fractured greater tuberosity, then physiotherapy. patients will be followed up till full union, clinical and radiological follow up for at least one year utilizing approved clinical scores and radiological criteria for healing. any complication will be recorded. Inclusion Criteria: Patients presented and admitted at Mansoura Trauma, emergency hospital affiliated to Mansoura university, with acute isolated displaced GT fractures ( more than 5mm displacement), with/without glenohumeral dislocations, with age between 18years to 50 years. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Skeletally immature patients (less than 18 years), age more than 50 years. 2. Open and pathological fractures 3. Associated proximal humeral fractures 4. History of previous GH dislocations 5. History of previous shoulder injuries or surgeries
Nutrition and Physical Activity Intervention on Psychosocial Well-Being of Postpartum Mothers The Effectiveness of Nutrition and Physical Activity Intervention on Psychosocial Well-Being of Mothers With Preterm Infants in Selangor This study aims to examine the effectiveness of nutrition and physical intervention to improve psychosocial well-being of postpartum mothers with preterm infants. The focus was highlighted towards the mothers of preterm infants who were cared in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) as these parents might have a higher stress level than the full-term infants. The intervention consisted of a module designed for postpartum mothers, incorporating nutrition and physical activity entitled Mommies can Eat \& Exercise with No Stress (MomEENS). The intervention is aim to encourage the participant to have better nutrition intake and engage in low to moderate-intensity exercise on 3 to 5 days per week, for 8 weeks in order to improve their psychosocial well-being. After being informed about the study and potential risks, the participants will be screened according to their eligibility criteria. The participants who are eligible to participate in the study will be contacted again and asked for consent to join the study. After obtaining the consent, the participant will undergo a baseline assessment, and subsequently, the investigator will assign the participant to their respective groups, the intervention and control groups. All of the health assessments will be conducted at baseline, 4th week and 8th week. In intervention group, the participant will be provided an educational module entitled "Mommies can Eat and Exercise with No Stress" (MomEENS), in which the module will be delivered through a booklet and video. The MomEENS module incorporated achievement-based objectives for five key recommendations: 1. Eat healthy foods ;2. Eat foods rich in iron and folic acid; 3. Eat foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids; 4. Increase steps in a day and; 5. Increase body flexibility and strength. All the key recommendations will be explained in the booklet, while the video will provide full guidance on how to exercise during postpartum at home, explaining key recommendations 4 and 5. Face-to-face consultation with the participants will be held at baseline and 4th week to enhance the participation and motivation of the participants towards the intervention. Besides, Whatsapp and Facebook page group is developed as a step to enhance the compliance of participants towards intervention. The group will be created soon after the participants undergo the baseline phase. Whatsapp group provides a medium for participant to ask, share, and communicate with other participants (only within the intervention group) regarding the intervention activities they commit. On the other hand, Facebook page group will provide a forum to support and additional related information. In addition to the continuity of the compliance, telephone follow-up calls will be at least administered once for every two weeks, lasting for about 5 to 10 minutes for each call. It is aimed to monitor the participant's progress while engaging in appropriating self-management behaviours. The participants in the control group will be received advice on the standardised Malaysian food pyramid and be instructed to follow their usual standard care as suggested by their healthcare provider. Postpartum women in Malaysia typically attend postpartum healthcare visits with an exam on day 30 after childbirth but receive no other routine care following this appointment unless a specific health problem has been identified. Participants in the control group performed the same evaluations. They received the same incentives as those in the intervention group, but they did not receive any educational module and contact from the investigator during the 8 weeks follow-up. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Participants with EPDS score ≥ 12 2. Mothers with an infant nearly graduated from NICU due to prematurity with minimum stays of 7 days (Gestational age: \< 37 weeks). 3. Postpartum mothers (within 4th to 8th weeks after childbirth). 4. Aged between 19 until 40 years old. 5. Mothers were from Malaysian citizen. 6. Mothers who only reside in Selangor, Klang Valley or Negeri Sembilan during their postpartum confinement. 7. Only Malay mothers will be selected (due to small number population on Chinese and Indian, following from Phase 1) 8. Mothers who undergo vaginal delivery for the current child. 9. Mothers who are fit to do exercise, based on the 10-item Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PAR-Q). Exclusion Criteria: 1. Mothers that is clinically diagnosed with mental illness or other known psychiatric disorders 2. Mothers who illiterate either in Malay or English 3. Mothers who are currently pregnant 4. Mothers whose infant has genetic or congenital anomaly or severe cardiorespiratory instability 5. Mothers who have chronic or terminal disease (such as cancer, renal failure, hypothyroid, exercised-induced asthma and uncontrolled hypertension and diabetes) or diseases that would limit to exercise. 6. Mothers who have any condition that would make exercise unsafe or unwise.
Single-Arm Study of the Efficacy and Safety of Oral Rigosertib in Patients With Myelofibrosis (MF) and Anemia A Phase II Single-Arm Study of the Efficacy and Safety of Oral Rigosertib in Patients With Myelofibrosis (MF) and Anemia The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if rigosertib can help to control MF in patients with anemia. The safety of this drug will also be studied. This is an investigational study. Rigosertib is not FDA-approved or commercially available. It is currently being used for research purposes only. The study doctor can explain how the study drug is designed to work. Up to 35 participants will be enrolled in this study. All will be enrolled at MD Anderson. Study Drug Administration: If participant is found to be eligible to take part in this study, participant will take rigosertib capsules by mouth 2 times each day (1 morning dose, 1 afternoon dose) for 48 weeks. Participant will take participant's morning dose on an empty stomach. Participant's afternoon dose should be taken at about 3:00 pm (±1 hour), at least 2 hours after lunch. Participant should drink at least a ½ gallon of water each day. Rigosertib should be refrigerated. Participant will also be given a study drug diary. Participant should write down each dose of study drug that participant takes, when participant takes it, and if participant misses or vomit any doses. If participant misses or vomits a dose of rigosertib, participant should not make up the dose. Participant should take the next scheduled dose as planned. Every 4 weeks for 12 weeks, then every 8 weeks thereafter, participant should bring any leftover rigosertib capsules and participant's study drug diary with participant to the clinic. Study Visits: On Cycle 1 Day 1: * Participant will have a physical exam. * Blood (about 2-3 teaspoons) and urine will be collected for routine tests. * Blood (about 2 teaspoons) will be drawn for pharmacokinetic (PK) testing about 1 hour after participant's dose of study drug. PK testing measures the amount of study drug in the body at different time points. * Participant will complete a questionnaire about participant's quality of life. It should take about 10-15 minutes. * If the doctor thinks it is needed, participant will have a computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan to check the status of the disease. Each week, blood (about 2-3 teaspoons) will be drawn for routine tests. If the study doctor approves it, participant may have these weekly blood draws at a local lab closer to participant's home. The results from these routine tests will be sent to the study doctor. On Day 1 of Week 4, blood (about 2 teaspoons each time) will be drawn for PK testing before and 1 hour after participant's dose of study drug. At Weeks 24 and 48 (± 1 week): * Participant will have a bone marrow aspirate/biopsy performed to check the status of the disease. This sample may also be used for cytogenetic testing. * If participant had a CT/MRI scan performed during Week 1, participant will have another CT/MRI scan to check the status of the disease. * If participant can become pregnant, urine will be collected for a pregnancy test. Every 4 weeks until Week 12 and then every 8 weeks after that: * Participant will have a physical exam. * Blood (about 2-3 teaspoons) and urine will be collected for routine tests. * Participant will complete a questionnaire about participant's quality of life. Length of Study: Participant may continue taking the study drug for up to 48 weeks. Participant will no longer be able to take the study drugs if the disease gets worse, if intolerable side effects occur, or if participant is unable to follow study directions. If the doctor thinks it is in participant's best interest, participant may be able to continue taking the study drug after 48 weeks. The study doctor will discuss this with participant. Participation on the study will be over after the end-of-study visit. End-of-Study Visit: About 4 weeks after participant's last dose of study drug, participant will have an end-of-study visit. At this visit: * Participant will have a physical exam. * Blood (about 2-3 teaspoons) and urine will be collected for routine tests. This routine blood and urine collection will also include a pregnancy test if participant can become pregnant. Inclusion Criteria: 1. \>/= 18 years of age; 2. Diagnosis of primary myelofibrosis (PMF) or post-polycythemia vera (post-PV) MF or post-essential thrombocythemia (post-ET) MF based on the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria or the International Working Group-Myeloproliferative Neoplasms Research and Treatment (IWG-MRT) criteria, which must be confirmed by BM aspirate and/or biopsy within 6 weeks prior to Screening. Measurement of JAK2 V617F allele burden in Bone Marrow (BM) samples, if not done within 6 months prior to Screening, must be provided with the Screening BM biopsy/aspirate report (patients are eligible regardless of JAK2 mutation status); 3. Anemia or RBC-transfusion dependence defined as follows: a) Anemia: defined for the purpose of this protocol as 1) a hemoglobin level \<10 g/L on every determination over 84 days before study-entry, without red blood cell (RBC)-transfusions, or 2) a hemoglobin level \<10 g/L on a patient that is receiving RBC-transfusions periodically but not meeting criteria for transfusion-dependent patient as defined below. The baseline hemoglobin value for these subjects is the lowest hemoglobin level during the antecedent 84 days; b) RBC-transfusion-dependence: RBC-transfusion-frequency of \>/=2 units packed red blood cells (PRBC)/28 days averaged over 84 days immediately pre-study-entry. There must not be any consecutive 42 days without an RBC-transfusion during this interval. 4. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0, 1 or 2; 5. Willing to adhere to the prohibitions and restrictions specified in this protocol (Notation: the subject's willingness to adhere to prohibitions and restrictions must be clearly communicated in the on-study note); 6. The patient must signed an informed consent form (ICF) indicating that s/he understands the purpose of, and procedures required for, the study and is willing to participate. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Ongoing clinically significant anemia due to factors such as known iron, vitamin B12, or folate deficiencies, auto-immune or hereditary hemolysis, or gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding; 2. Serum ferritin \< 50 ng/mL; 3. Any active malignancy within the past year, except basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer or carcinoma in situ of the cervix or breast; patients with history of prior malignancies should be free of disease for at least 3 years to be eligible for this study. 4. Uncontrolled intercurrent illness, including, but not limited to symptomatic congestive heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, or cardiac arrhythmia; 5. Active infection not adequately responding to appropriate therapy; 6. Direct bilirubin \>/= 2.0 mg/dL not related to hemolysis or Gilbert's disease; 7. Alanine transaminase (ALT) or aspartate transaminase (AST)\>/= 2.5 x the upper limit of normal (ULN); 8. Serum creatinine \>/= 2.5 mg/dL; 9. Ascites requiring active medical management including paracentesis; 10. Hyponatremia (defined as serum sodium level \< 130 mEq/L); 11. Female patients who are pregnant or lactating; 12. Patients of childbearing potential (ie, women of childbearing potential and men with female partners of childbearing potential) who are unwilling to follow strict contraception requirements (including 2 reliable methods in combination: 1 non-hormonal, highly-reliable method \[diaphragm, condoms with spermicidal foam or jelly, or sterilization\] plus 1 additional reliable method \[birth control pills, intrauterine device, contraceptive injections, or contraceptive patches\]) before entry and throughout the study, up to and including the 30-day non-treatment follow-up period; 13. Female patients of childbearing potential who have a positive blood or urine pregnancy test at Screening; 14. Major surgery without full recovery or major surgery within 3 weeks of Screening; 15. Uncontrolled hypertension (defined as a sustained systolic pressure \>/= 160 mmHg and/or a diastolic pressure \>/= 110 mmHg); 16. New onset seizures (within 3 months prior to Screening) or poorly controlled seizures; 17. Any other concurrent investigational agent or chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy; 18. Chronic use (\> 2 weeks) of corticosteroids (prednisone \>/= 10 mg/24 hr equivalent) within 4 weeks of Screening; 19. Investigational therapy within 2 weeks of Screening; 20. Psychiatric illness or social situation that would limit the patient's ability to tolerate and/or comply with study requirements.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Nebulization Bronchodilators Under High Nasal Flow Humidified Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Nebulization Bronchodilators Under High Nasal Flow Humidified Compared to a Usual Method The principal objective is to show noninferiority of nebulized salbutamol through the high flow nasal system moistened AIRVO ™ 2 in terms of reversibility of airflow obstruction compared to nebulization by the usual method (spray mask). Randomized, comparative, non inferiority study between two nebulization strategies bronchodilators, one according to the method tested namely the spray - in across the top humidified nasal flow system and the other according to a customary procedure, through a mask. A third arm will be evaluated (control arm) to overcome a possible own bronchodilator effect of high flow nasal humidified. Inclusion Criteria: * adults * Patient with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease * Patients, when performing lung function tests performed outside of the study : 1. A report FEV / FVC less than 60% prior to bronchodilator treatment AND 2. A positive reversal test defined by FEV variation of over 12 % and 200 mL after administration of inhaled salbutamol * Patients affiliated to social security scheme * Informed consent signed by the patient Exclusion Criteria: * Exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease during * Uncontrolled asthma * Pneumothorax current or recent ( \< 2 months) * Pleural aspiration or biopsy , trans - bronchial biopsies and / or bronchoalveolar lavage in the preceding 48h * hemoptysis in progress * Patient under guardianship or trusteeship safeguard justice * Pregnant or breastfeeding women or parturient woman * Known allergy or intolerance to salbutamol
Pivotal Study in VAP Suspected or Confirmed to be Due to Pseudomonas Aeruginosa A Multicenter, Open-label, Randomized, Active-controlled, Parallel Group, Pivotal Study to Investigate the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Murepavadin Combined With One Anti-pseudomonal Antibiotic Versus Two Anti-pseudomonal Antibiotics in Adult Subjects With Ventilator-associated Bacterial Pneumonia Suspected or Confirmed to be Due to Pseudomonas Aeruginosa This is a phase 3, multicenter, open-label, randomized active-controlled, parallel group to investigate the efficacy, safety and tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of intravenous murepavadin combined with of one anti-pseudononas antibiotic with that of two anti-pseudomonas antibiotics in the treatment of ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (VABP) in adult subjects. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Subject has received mechanical ventilation for at least 48h at the time of the randomisation * Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) of 8 to 30, inclusive, within 24h prior to randomization * Presence of new or progressive infiltrate on chest X-ray * Presence of clinical criteria consistent with VABP * High probability of VABP caused by Pseudomonas aeriginosa Key Exclusion Criteria: * Known or suspected community-acquired bacterial pneumonia or viral, fungal, or parasitic pneumonia * Known hypersensitivity or contra-indications to beta-lactam antibiotics, aminoglycosides, quinolones, colistin, or subjects with a clinically significant history of anaphylactic reaction * Severe liver or renal impairment * Women who are pregnant or nursing, or who are of chilbearing potential and unwilling to use acceptable method of birth control
E-health App and Lifestyle Changes During Pregnancy E-health Application in Supporting Lifestyle Changes During Pregnancy The purpose of this online follow-up study is to investigate health app use in pregnant women and through a pilot intervention trial investigate whether the addition of evidence-based information on health-promoting lifestyle delivered via the health app has an effect on lifestyle habits (gestational weight, diet quality and physical activity) during pregnancy. An online follow-up study with a 2-arm equal allocation parallel randomized controlled pilot intervention trial with pregnant women (n=1000) will be conducted. The intervention consists of non-personalized, evidence-based information on health-promoting lifestyle during pregnancy delivered via a health app. Control group uses the health app without health information. Aims of an exploratory part of the study are to characterize the health app use and users among pregnant women and to investigate whether the frequency of the health app use during pregnancy has an effect on lifestyle habits. Aim of the pilot intervention is to investigate whether the addition of evidence-based information on health-promoting lifestyle delivered via the health app has an effect on lifestyle habits during pregnancy. Inclusion Criteria: * Pregnant, less than 28 pregnancy weeks * Fluency in Finnish Exclusion Criteria: * Not pregnant * No fluency in Finnish
Safety and Efficacy Trial of Testosterone Undecanoate Phase III, Open-label Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Oral Testosterone Undecanoate (TU)in Hypogonadal Men The purpose of the study is to determine if oral testosterone undecanoate is effective and safe in the treatment of low testosterone in men. Inclusion Criteria: * Serum testosterone of less than or equal to 300 ng/dL (the mean of two samples collected 1 hour apart in the morning between 6:00 and 10:00 AM) Exclusion Criteria: * Significant intercurrent disease of any type, in particular liver, kidney, uncontrolled or poorly controlled heart disease including hypertension, CHF or CAD, or psychiatric illness including depression. * Recent history of stroke, including transient ischemic attack (TIA) or acute coronary event * Untreated, severe obstructive sleep apnea * Hematocrit \<35% or \>48% * Serum transaminases \>2 times upper limit of normal, serum bilirubin \>2.0 mg/dL, and serum creatinine \>2.0 mg/dL * BMI \> or equal to 38 * Stable doses of lipid-lowering medication for less than three months * Stable doses of oral medication for diabetes for less than two months * Abnormal prostate digital rectal examination \[palpable nodule(s)\], elevated PSA (serum PSA \>3.9 ng/mL), IPSS score \> or equal to 19 points, and /or history of prostate cancer. * History of breast cancer * Use of dietary supplement saw palmetto or phytoestrogens and use of any dietary supplements that may increase serum T, such as androstenedione or DHEA with the previous 4 weeks * Know malabsorption syndrome and/or current treatment iwht oral lipase inhibitors * Known history of abuse of alcohol or any drug substance with the previous 2 years * Current use of antiandrogens, estrogens, oral CYP3A4 inducers or inhibitors, or long-acting opioid analgesics * Receipt of any drug as part of a research study within 30 days of initial dose administration in this study * Blood donation within the 12 week period before initial dose administration in this study
The ORTIZ Study: Optimising RASi Therapy With SZC A Multi Site, Placebo Controlled, Double Blind Randomised Clinical Trial Evaluating the Effectiveness of Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate Versus Placebo to Enable Safe Optimisation of RASi Therapy in Patients With Diabetic Kidney Disease. The hypothesis is that 3 months' treatment with SZC versus placebo will enable RASi (Irbesartan) maximisation in a cohort of patients with diabetic kidney disease. Inhibiting the renin angiotensin (RAS) system has been the cornerstone of therapy for patients with proteinuric CKD for almost 2 decades, to slow the decline in renal function, delay the presence of dialysis and reduce cardiovascular events and death. There is evidence in both the cardiac and renal literature that suggests that maximising the dose of RAS therapy leads to improved outcomes over smaller doses of RAS therapy. Indeed, many of the studies on which we base our care use doses which are higher than what the majority of our patients are taking. Thus patients are being systemically undertreated by therapies which have been shown to have robust reno protection. With up to 80% of patients on RASi therapy are not on maximal RASi therapy , putting them at risk of a more rapid progression and poorer outcomes and increased healthcare costs. An important reason for this is the presence or fear around hyperkalaemia. With reports of significantly increased rate of hyperkalaemia seen following increases in prescribing of RASi therapy. These concerns have lead NICE to recommend not starting patients on RASi therapy if their potassium is \>5mmol/l, and KDOQI guidelines recommending consideration of stopping RASi therapy if serum potassium is \>5.5mmol/l. ACE inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers are thought to confer long term renal protection through reduction of proteinuria. The reduction in glomerular pressure is a major mechanism leading to a reduction in proteinuria, and hence renal protection, however as a consequence there will also an acute fall in eGFR. Therefore, when starting/up titrating ACEi/ARB it is expected that there will be an acute fall in eGFR, which is expected to be more than compensated for due to the subsequent long term renal protection. Indeed, current NICE guidelines do not suggest any alteration in management until the drop in eGFR is \>25%. There is a currently huge unmet need to optimise RASi therapy in those patients with hyperkalaemia. There have been recent advances in novel therapeutics which can lower potassium in patients. One such agent is Sodium zirconium cyclosilicate (SZC). SZC is a highly selective inorganic cation exchanger designed to entrap potassium in the intestine. It has been shown to effective in lowering potassium in patients with heart failure, Diabetes, CKD and RASi therapy. With around a 1mmol/l fall in the serum potassium on those treated with SZC, compared to placebo. In the 5-large clinical trials it appears efficacious, well tolerated and safe. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Able and willing to provide written informed consent 2. Adults ≥ 18years old 3. Type 2 Diabetes 4. CKD defined as eGFR 25-60ml/min 5. Albuminuria with uACR measured at \>33.9.mg/mmol (300mg/g) 6. On a stable (\>4 weeks) of sub-maximal RASi dose, defined as any ACE or ARB dose up to and including 50% of maximum dose with evidence of hyperkalaemia potassium level \>5.0mmol/l OR not currently on RASi therapy due to documented issues of hyperkalaemia in the past necessitating RASi discontinuation Exclusion Criteria: 1. Active malignancy 2. Patients who lack capacity to give informed consent 3. GI disturbance/chronic diarrhoea/stoma 4. Subjects with a life expectancy of less than 3 months. 5. Women who are pregnant, lactating, planning to become pregnant or unwilling to use effective methods of contraception during the study. 6. Presence of any condition which, in the opinion of the investigator, places the subject at undue risk or potentially jeopardizes the quality of the data to be generated including NYHA class III/IV. 7. History of acute eGFR fall with RASi therapy (\>30% in eGFR on initiation of RASi therapy) 8. Known hypersensitivity or previous anaphylaxis to SZC or Irbesartan 9. Hypotension: BP \<120/70mm/hg at screening despite no antihypertensive agent use 10. Uncontrolled Blood pressure: BP \>170/110 at screening 11. Evidence of prolonged QT on ECG QTc(f)\>550msec 12. History of QT prolongation associated with other medications that required discontinuation of that medication 13. Treatment with lithium, or dual blockade with ACEi and ARB or mineralocorticoid inhibitor 14. History of congenital long QT syndrome 15. Symptomatic or uncontrolled atrial fibrillation despite treatment, or asymptomatic sustained ventricular tachycardia. Subjects with atrial fibrillation controlled by medication are permitted 16. Current or recent (within 3 months) participation in a clinical trial involving an investigational medicinal product. 17. Current treatment with a potassium binder medication
Metabolic Phenotypes and Heterogeneity in Disease Burden Risk in Type 1 Diabetes Metabolic Phenotypes and Heterogeneity in Disease Burden Risk in Type 1 Diabetes This study focuses on individuals with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and seeks to comprehensively study and understand several aspects of T1D including: susceptibility to hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) and improvement in hypoglycemia risk using of advanced diabetes technologies, such as continuous glucose monitoring (CGM); the differences among individuals with T1D in the risk of chronic complications, and minimize the psychosocial impact of T1D. The study seeks to comprehensively study and understand several aspects of type 1 diabetes (T1D) including: the risk of low blood sugar and how that may be improved with new technologies; the variability (heterogeneity) among individuals in their risk of diabetes complications, and factors that could impact the psychosocial burdens of having T1D. The investigators want to learn of there are patient-specific systemic metabolomic profiles (substances detected in blood or urine) that lower the risk for hypoglycemia. Metabolomic analyses will be used to discover biological markers that could predict who is most likely to get diabetes complications, and how these risks might be changed, for example, by developing treatments targeted specifically to those biological markers. The investigators also plan to describe the relationship between metabolomic profiles, psychosocial states and cognitive function. Inclusion Criteria: * All participants with type 1 diabetes * Previous enrollment and participation in the University of Michigan T1D cohorts (Natural History of Myocardial Dysfunction in T1D (HUM00036408); Targeting Inflammation with Salsalate in a T1D(HUM00169353); Preventing Early Renal Loss with Allopurinol in T1D (HUM00080944); and Tissue Specific Metabolic Reprogramming (HUM00060967)). * Willing and able to participate in the study procedures described in the consent form. * Willing to sign a written or electronic informed consent, including authorization to release health information. * Fluent in spoken and written English. * Willing to carry around their mobile phone/study mobile phone during the 14-day home monitoring period with daily access to cellular or WiFi connectivity. Exclusion Criteria: * Any social or medical condition that would, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator (PI), prevent complete participation in the study or would pose significant hazard to the subject's participation. * Skin conditions or diseases that would interfere with the Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) sensor placement or accuracy (such as extensive psoriasis, extensive eczema, scarring, etc.) * Scheduled X-ray, MRI, CT scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment during the period of CGM wear (or any other activity that would necessitate CGM sensor removal) that cannot be scheduled around or accommodated within the study assessment windows.
Stress Hormones and IUDs Effect of Initiation of Intrauterine Contraception on Hair Cortisol Concentration Determine what kind of side effects women experience in the first year after they start using an intrauterine device. The purpose of this study is to find out if there is a difference in levels of stress hormones in women who use copper or hormonal intrauterine devices (IUDs). This study will provide more information on the potential effect of levonorgestrel intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) use on an individual's stress response. Ultimately, this study hopes to provide data to better counsel women on potential mood effects of the LNG-IUS. From a research and clinical management perspective, hair cortisol may provide a tool to evaluate women at risk for discontinuation of hormonal contraception due to concern of mood symptoms. Inclusion Criteria: * Generally healthy * Age 18-39 years * Regular menstrual cycles * Getting an IUD for the purpose of contraception Exclusion Criteria: * History of mood disorders * BMI less than 18.5 or greater than 35 * Chronic medical conditions * Recently pregnant or lactating
HiRes Infrared Imaging for Wrist Injuries in Children v2 High Resolution Infrared Thermography as a Diagnostic Aid in Paediatric Wrist Injuries Version 2 When assessing an injured child, doctors must decide whether or not there is an underlying bony fracture. The current way of doing this is by x-ray. In 2011, 46,000 children attended Sheffield Children's Hospital Emergency Department and 10,400 x-rays were taken - predominately for diagnosis of fractures. For foot and wrist, 2,215 x-rays were 'normal' with no fracture, at a cost of £119,610 (at a tariff of £54 per x-ray). Considering the cost and undesired effect of radiation exposure, a better way to discriminate those patients with fracture is needed. The non-invasive technique of thermal imaging holds promise as a putative technique. The investigators have earlier demonstrated the potential of thermal imaging for vertebral fractures, diagnosing limp and measuring respiration rate. This study investigates thermal imaging to screen for wrist fractures. The objectives are: (i) accurately identify fracture location, (ii) exclude cases that are sprain and thus reduce the need for their x-ray. The confirmation of a fracture would still require a x-ray. As the study is in collaboration with Sheffield Children's Hospital, only children will be included, however the findings will also be applicable to adults. Thermal imaging is a completely safe and harmless operation, as the camera is non-contact and emits no radiation. Any trauma, such as a wrist fracture, results in changes in blood flow that in turn affects the skin surface temperature of the skin overlying the injury. These changes affect the amount of emitted infrared radiation and will be recorded and explored to find a marker to differentiate fractures and sprains. Thermal (IR) imaging is based on recording and processing of a part of electromagnetic spectrum below visible light, i.e. infrared band. Objects with a temperature above -273°C (- 459.67°F) emit thermal radiation. In thermography a camera that is sensitive to the mid (3-5 μm) and long (7-14 μm) infrared bands of the electromagnetic spectrum is used. The detection of an injury using thermal imaging relies on underlying physiology of temperature differentials. Dermal temperature differentials usually do not exceed 0.25°C, while differentials in excess of 0.65°C are consistently related to pathology. Therefore observation of a significant temperature differential is an indication of injury. The use of Infrared for musculoskeletal medical diagnosis and monitoring has been reported in many studies in children and adults. * Vertebral fractures were detected using thermal imaging • Thermal imaging assisted in diagnosis of the causes of limp including bone fracture. Thermography has detected a direct correlation between an increase in skin temperature and the existence of anterior) knee pain after implantation of artificial knee joints. It is suggested that thermal imaging is potentially valuable for a rapid, inexpensive and non-invasive diagnosis of pain and inflammation. Infrared spectroscopic analysis has been reported to be is a powerful tool for establishing the material properties that contribute to bone strength and so it thus has been helpful in improving the understanding of the changes in fragile bone. • The temperature of the bone during drilling could increase above 47oC. This can cause irreversible osteonecrosis. A study used infrared thermal imaging to determine spatial distribution of increase in bone temperature during drilling. Blood convection warms the skin by transfer of heat from the core and this process plays the major role in determining skin temperature. Skin's has a thermoregulation role, i.e. it generates, absorbs, conducts and radiates heat. Changes in the skin surface temperature are valuable in detecting physiological and pathological state such as inflammation. With recent developments in thermal imaging devices, the use of infrared imaging for injury examination is gaining a growing interest, with more evidence supporting its use. However, the data in children is limited, with the investigators' research group undertaking the majority of work in this field currently. In this study the infrared emission (characterised by heat radiation) from skin at the site of injury is imaged and analysed to differentiate between wrist fracture and sprain. The hypothesis is that the inflammation and blood perfusion in sprain and bone fracture at the site of injury are different leading to distinct temperature gradients at the site. Inclusion Criteria: * Children aged 5-16 years who are admitted to the Emergency Department of Sheffield Children's Hospital for a wrist injury, and who are x-rayed as part of their standard clinical management. Inclusion is subject to both the patient and carer having read (or being read to in very young children) the information sheets and both the patient and carer consenting to participate. Exclusion Criteria: * Children who have multiple injuries (e.g. those involved in serious car accident accidents). * Children who are too distressed (by pain or otherwise). * Parents/carers who have difficulty understanding the nature of the study (e.g. non-native English speakers, those with disabilities impairing their understanding of the study etc.) will be excluded.
Preparing Family Caregivers to Make Medical Decisions for Their Loved Ones Preparing Family Caregivers of Very Ill Patients for End-of-Life Decision Making The overarching goal of the project is to improve the process and experience of surrogate decision-making by family caregivers. Since feeling unprepared to make surrogate decisions is a major contributor to caregiver stress, the primary outcome is caregiver self-efficacy --i.e., caregivers' assessment of how well prepared they feel to serve effectively as a surrogate decision-maker. Through follow-on Renewal funding, we are now also qualitatively examining family caregivers' experience with surrogate decision-making. The long-term goal is to help family caregivers of seriously ill patients be better prepared to serve as surrogate decision-makers when their loved ones can no longer make medical decisions for themselves. Research shows that family caregivers find surrogate decision-making highly stressful and emotionally burdensome, in part because they feel unprepared for surrogate decision-making. To date, no studies have determined which advance care planning (ACP) process best prepares caregivers for this role. The investigators' prior work shows that a computer-based decision aid can help patients make more informed decisions and communicate their wishes more effectively. The investigators now propose to determine if family caregivers of patients with life-threatening illnesses are better prepared for surrogate decision-making: 1) when they engage in a structured ACP process together with patients; and 2) when they use this online decision aid for ACP. This will be accomplished via a randomized, controlled trial with a 2 x 2 factorial design comprising 4 groups: Standard ACP/Patient Alone (Group 1), Decision Aid/Patient Alone (Group 2), Standard ACP/Patients and Caregivers Together (Group 3), and Decision Aid/Patients and Caregivers Together (Group 4). Inclusion Criteria: 1. 18 years of age or older 2. Diagnosis of kidney disease (e.g. chronic kidney disease, end stage renal disease ) OR advanced cancer (Stage IV disease or having an estimated survival of \<2 years) OR severe heart failure (e.g. New York Heart Assoc. Class III or Class IV) OR severe lung disease (e.g. Stage III or Stage IV COPD by modified GOLD Spirometric Classification, Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis). 3. Able to read and understand English at an 8th grade level (word 26 on either blue or tan version of the WRAT-3 reading subtest) 4. Neuro-cognitively able to engage in ACP (Mini Mental State Exam (MMSE) score \>23) 5. No active suicidal ideations (i.e., score of 0 or 1 on item 9 of the BDI-II). Exclusion Criteria: * Failure on any of the above inclusion criteria.
the Impact of a Digital Game-based Learning Activity on Nursing Students' Understanding of Surgical Site Infections the Impact of a Digital Game-based Learning Activity on Nursing Students' Learning and Motivation Levels Regarding Surgical Site Infection Prevention Initiatives The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effect of a digital game-based learning activity on students' learning of interventions to prevent surgical site infections.This study will seek answers to the following questions: Is digital game-based learning activity effective in students' learning process? Is the traditional method of theoretical lecturing effective in the learning process? What is the effect of students' learning methods on their motivation? The researchers will compare the group with the theoretical lecture to see the effectiveness of the digital game-based learning activity. Participants will be divided into 3 groups. In the first group, the level of learning interventions to prevent surgical site infections with digital game-based learning activity will be evaluated with pre-test and post-test In the second group, the level of learning the theoretical course and interventions to prevent surgical site infections will be evaluated with pre-test and post-test. The control group will be evaluated only with the pre-test post-test without any intervention. Inclusion Criteria: * Having a cell phone, computer or tablet device. * To have internet access on one of the cell phone, computer or tablet devices. * To have taken the Surgical Diseases Nursing course. * To be a 4th year student of Van Yüzüncü Yıl University Faculty of Health Sciences, Department of Nursing * Volunteering to participate in the research Exclusion Criteria: * - Graduating from a health vocational high school or coming from a health-related department with vertical transfer * Limited ability to read and write in Turkish. * Not having a software infrastructure suitable for opening digital game activities on mobile phones, computers or tablet devices
Cefdinir Capsules 300 mg, Fasting A Relative Bioavailability Study of 300 mg Cefdinir Capsules Under Fasting Conditions This study will compare the relative bioavailability (rate and extent of absorption) of 300 mg Cefdinir Capsules manufactured and distributed by TEVA pharmaceuticals USA with that of OMNICEF® Capsules by CEPH International Corporation for Abbott Laboratories following a single oral dose (1 x 300mg capsule) in healthy adult subjects administered under fasting conditions. Criteria for Evaluation: FDA Bioequivalence Criteria Statistical Methods: FDA bioequivalence statistical methods Inclusion Criteria: * Screening Demographics: All subjects selected for this study will be healthy men and women 18 years of age or older at the time of dosing. the subject's body mass index (BMI) should be 19 kg/m² - 30 kg/m², inclusive. * Screening procedures: Each subject will complete the screening process within 28 days prior to Period I dosing. Consent documents for both the screening evaluation and HIV antibody determination will be reviewed, discussed, and signed by each potential participant before full implementation of screening procedures. Screening will include general observations, physical examination, demographics, medical and medication history, an electrocardiogram, sitting blood pressure and heart rate, respiratory rate and temperature. The physical examination will include, but may not be limited to, an evaluation of the cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, respiratory, and central nervous systems. The screening clinical laboratory procedures will include: * Hematology: hematocrit, hemoglobin, WBC count with differential, RBC count, platelet count; * Clinical Chemistry: serum creatinine, BUN, glucose, AST(GOT), ALT(GPT), albumin, total bilirubin, total protein, and alkaline phosphatase; * HIV antibody and hepatitis B surface antigen and hepatitis C antibody screens; * Urinalysis: by dipstick; full microscopic examination if dipstick positive; and * Urine Drug Screen: ethyl alcohol, amphetamines, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabinoids, cocaine metabolites, opiates and phencyclidine. * Serum Pregnancy Screen (female subjects only) If female and: * of childbearing potential, is practicing an acceptable method of birth control for the duration of the study as judged by the investigator(s), such as condom with spermicide, diaphragm with spermicide, intrauterine device (IUD) or abstinence; or * is postmenopausal for at least 1 year; or * is surgically sterile (bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral oophorectomy, or hysterectomy). Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects with a recent history of drug or alcohol addiction or abuse. * Subjects with the presence of a clinically significant disorder involving the cardiovascular, respiratory, renal, gastrointestinal, immunologic, hematologic, endocrine, or neurologic system(s) or psychiatric disease (as determined by the clinical investigators). * Subjects whose clinical laboratory test values are outside the accepted reference range and when confirmed on re-examination are deemed to be clinically significant. * Subjects demonstrating a reactive screen for hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis C antibody or HIV antibody. * Subjects demonstrating a positive drug abuse screen when screened for this study. * Female subjects demonstrating a positive pregnancy screening. * Female subjects who are currently breastfeeding. * Subjects with a history of allergic response(s) to cefdinir or related drugs. * Subjects with a history of clinically significant allergies including drug allergies. * Subjects with a clinically significant illness during the 4 weeks prior to Period I dosing (as determined by the clinical investigators). * Subjects who currently use or report using tobacco products within 3 months of Period I dose administration. * Subjects who have taken any drug known to induce or inhibit hepatic drug metabolism in the 28 days prior to Period I dosing. * Subjects who report donating greater than 150 mL of blood within 28 days prior to Period I dosing. All subjects will be advised not to donate blood for four weeks after completing the study. * Subjects who have donated serum (e.g. serumpheresis) within 14 days prior to Period I dosing. All subjects will be advised not to donate serum for four weeks after completing the study. * Subjects who report receiving any investigational drug within 28 days prior to Period I dosing. * Subjects who report taking any systemic prescription medication in the 14 days prior to Period I dosing. * Subjects who report an intolerance of direct venipuncture. * Subjects who report consuming an abnormal diet during the 28 days prior to Period I dosing. * Subjects who report having difficulty fasting or consuming standardized meals. * Female subjects who report using implanted or injected hormonal contraceptives (birth control) during the 6 months prior to Period I dosing. * Female subjects who report using oral hormonal contraceptives (birth control) during the 14 days prior to Period I dosing.
Effect of an Environmental Health Education Program on Pregnant Women in Order to Reduce Endocrine Disruptor Exposition Effect of an Environmental Health Education Program on Pregnant Women in Order to Reduce Endocrine Disruptor Exposition : Controled Randomized Trial on Primary Prevention Endocrine disruptors are known as a cancer cause. On pregnant women, it can induce major foetal pathology and impact growth. Among those molecules, bisphenol-A (BPA) is a plasticizer that can be found on cans and water. Through a prevention program, the investigators tried to warned pregnant women on endocrine disruptors exposition risks. The goal here is to assess the effectiveness of this program on their fresh products consumption. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients over 18 * Patients living in Poitiers or city around (near the immersive environment) * Patients on pregnancy and who declared their pregnancy to the authority * Patients who planned to give birth in Poitiers's hospital, Châtellerault's hospital or Clinique Fief de Grimoire, in Poitiers. * Patients giving her agreement Exclusion Criteria: * Patients planning to move during the study * Patients under legal protection * Patients expecting twins * Patients unable to speak french * Patients willing to give birth in another hospital than those mentionned before
Phase 2 Study of Amcenestrant (SAR439859) Versus Physician's Choice in Locally Advanced or Metastatic ER-positive Breast Cancer An Open Label Randomized Phase 2 Trial of Amcenestrant (SAR439859), Versus Endocrine Monotherapy as Per Physician's Choice in Patients With Estrogen Receptor-positive, HER2-Negative Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer With Prior Exposure to Hormonal Therapies Primary Objective: To determine whether amcenestrant per overall survival (os) improves progression free survival (PFS) when compared with an endocrine monotherapy of the choice of the physician, in participants with metastatic or locally advanced breast cancer Secondary Objectives: * To compare the overall survival in the 2 treatment arms * To assess the objective response rate in the 2 treatment arms * To evaluate the disease control rate in the 2 treatment arms * To evaluate the clinical benefit rate in the 2 treatment arms * To evaluate the duration of response in the 2 treatment arms * To evaluate the PFS according to the estrogen receptor 1 gene (ESR1) mutation status in the 2 treatment arms * To evaluate the pharmacokinetics of amcenestrant as single agent * To evaluate health-related quality of life in the 2 treatment arms * To compare the overall safety profile in the 2 treatment arms The duration of the study for an individual participant will include a period to assess eligibility (screening period) of up to 4 weeks (28 days), a treatment period of at least 1 cycle (28 days of study treatment), and an end of treatment (EOT) visit at least 30 days (or until the participant receive another anticancer therapy, whichever is earlier) following the last administration of study treatment. Study treatment may continue until precluded by unacceptable toxicity, disease progression, death or upon participant's request to stop treatment, or Investigator decision, whichever occurs first. An extension of recruitment for Chinese participants is planned in this study: After completion of randomization in the global part of the study, randomization will continue in China until approximately 90 Chinese participants are randomized. Inclusion criteria : * 18 years or older. * Histological or cytological diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the breast. * Locally advanced not amenable to radiation therapy or surgery in a curative intent, and/or metastatic disease. * Estrogen receptor(ER) positive status. * Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative status. * Participants must have received no more than 1 prior chemotherapeutic or 1 targeted therapy regimen for advanced/metastatic disease. * In the main study, a prior treatment with a Cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6(CDK 4/6) inhibitor is mandatory if this treatment is approved and can be reimbursed for this participant. The percentage of participants without previous CDK 4/6 inhibitor will be capped to 20%. In the Chinese extension cohort, previous treatment with a CDK 4/6 inhibitor will not be mandatory, and there will be no limitation to the number of participants naïve to CDK4/6 inhibitor. * Participants must present a secondary endocrine resistance to endocrine therapy defined as: progression while on endocrine therapy after at least 6 months of treatment for advanced breast cancer, or relapse while on adjuvant endocrine therapy but after the first 2 years, or with a relapse within 12 months after completing adjuvant endocrine therapy. * Male or Female. Exclusion criteria: * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status =\>2. * Medical history or ongoing gastrointestinal disorders potentially affecting the absorption of amcenestrant. Participants unable to swallow normally and to take capsules. * Participant with any other cancer. Adequately treated basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer or in situ cervical cancer or any other cancer from which the participant has been disease free for greater than 3 years are allowed. * Severe uncontrolled systemic disease at screening . * Participants with known brain metastases that are untreated, symptomatic or require therapy to control symptoms. * Prior treatment with mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors or any other selective estrogen receptor degrader(SERD) compound, except fulvestrant if stopped for at least 3 months before randomization. * Treatment with drugs that have the potential to inhibit Uridine'5 Diphospho-Glucuronosyl Transferase(UGT) less than 2 weeks before randomization. * Treatment with strong Cytochrome P450 (CYP)3A inducers within 2 weeks before randomization. * Ongoing treatment with drugs that are sensitive substrate of organic anion transporting polypeptide 1B1/B3(OATP1B1/B3) (asunaprevir, atorvastatin, bosentan, danoprevir, fexofenadine, glyburide, nateglinide, pitavastatin, pravastatin, replaglinide, rosuvastatin, and simvastatin acid). * Treatment with anticancer agents (including investigational drugs) less than 3 weeks before randomization. * Inadequate hematological, coagulation, renal and liver functions. The above information is not intended to contain all considerations relevant to a patient's potential participation in a clinical trial.
Family Communication and Support in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit Improving Family Outcomes With a Communication Intervention in the Pediatric ICU This project is evaluating the effect of a standardized communication intervention in the pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) on long-term distress of family members of children in the PICU for 5 days or longer. The study hypothesis is that intervention families will have lower (better) acute stress disorder scores when their child is discharged from the PICU and lower (better) post-traumatic stress disorder scores at 3-month follow-up, as compared to the control group families. The investigators will recruit 220 families (110 in each of the control and intervention groups). Families who are randomized to the intervention group will receive routine visits from members of the PACT (palliative care) team at least three times/week to address psychosocial needs, keep families informed about their child's health status, and offer emotional and instrumental support and resources. Families in the control group will receive usual care in the PICU. The intervention will end whenever the child is discharged from the PICU, which usually happens within 3 weeks of enrollment. The investigators will assess family outcomes at discharge from the PICU and 90 days after study enrollment. The investigators will conduct two additional activities to learn more about the processes of care for those in both the intervention and control groups. First, during the intervention, the investigators will recruit 30 families (15 in each group) and ask permission to audio-record the family care conferences to assess communication styles and gain greater insight into the differences in practice with or without the participation of the intervention team. The investigators will obtain additional consent from participants in these family conferences who are not otherwise enrolled in the study. Second, after completion of the 3-month follow-up interview, a sub-sample of a different 30 families (again, 15 in each group) will be invited to participate in qualitative interviews to debrief about their experience in the study and the intervention (for those in that group). This will be a one-time interview scheduled within 60 days of recruitment for this part of the project. Inclusion Criteria: * age 18 years or older * actively involved in the life of the patient receiving care; and * functionally fluent in English or Spanish. Exclusion Criteria: * discharge plan in place for patient before day 4 * previously received palliative care * patient placed on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) * no prior admission to ICU for same hospitalization
Home Program Practice for People With Language Disorders After Stroke Improving Home Program Practice for People With Language Disorders After Stroke Logbooks are one of the most commonly used methods to both support and track adherence in research studies. This study will look at using logbooks to support adherence to reading practice for individuals with post-stroke aphasia. It is thought that using a logbook will increase practice time. Inclusion Criteria: * at least 6 months post left hemisphere stroke with a diagnosis of aphasia * must have self-reported interest in working to improve reading comprehension * access to the Internet * speak English as a primary language Exclusion Criteria: * significant visual or hearing impairment as determined by "aphasia-friendly" and age-appropriate screening * actively receiving speech-language pathology services in which computerized or reading comprehension home practice activities are assigned/requested * severe auditory comprehension impairment that limits understanding of one-step directions (i.e., Western Aphasia Battery-Revised sequential commands subtest score below 8).
A Safety and Efficacy Study of Symbicort Turbuhaler Compared With Standard Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Treatment in Japan An Open-label Phase III, Multi-centre 52-week , Parallel-group Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of Symbicort Turbuhaler 320/9 Twice Daily Compared With Standard Treatment in Japanese Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Symbicort Turbuhaler compared to standard COPD treatment during one year in Japanese patients with COPD. Inclusion Criteria: * A current clinical diagnosis of COPD according to the guidelines (GOLD, JPS) * Documented COPD symptoms for more than 2 years * Pre-bronchodilator FEV1≦50% of predicted normal value, and post-bronchodilator FEV1/FVC\<70% Exclusion Criteria: * History and/or current clinical diagnosis of asthma and atopic diseases such as allergic rhinitis * Subjects with significant or unstable ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, uncontrolled hypertension as defined by the investigator, or any other relevant cardiovascular disorder as judged by the investigator * COPD exacerbation during the run-in period or within 4 weeks prior to registration, requiring hospitalization and/or treatment with systemic steroids.
Increasing Ureagenesis in Inborn Errors of Metabolism With N-Carbamylglutamate Increasing Ureagenesis in Inborn Errors of Metabolism With N-Carbamylglutamate Hyperammonemia, which can cause brain damage, occurs in many different kinds of inborn errors of metabolism. The investigators propose to determine if short-term (3 day) treatment with N-carbamylglutamate can diminish hyperammonemia by enhancing ureagenesis in these patients. The investigators propose here a short-term (3 day) trial. If it succeeds, the investigators would consider more extensive long-term studies of the drug. * To determine whether brief (3 day) treatment with N-carbamylglutamate can improve ureagenesis in adult healthy controls and patients with the following inborn errors of metabolism: N-acetylglutamate synthetase deficiency, propionic acidemia, methylmalonic acidemia, carbamylphosphate synthase deficiency, ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency and the syndrome of hyperammonemia, hypoglycemia and hyperinsulinemia (HHH Syndrome). * To determine if such treatment improves other indicators of abnormal nitrogen metabolism such as elevated blood levels of glutamine, glycine and alanine. Inclusion Criteria: * Age range: males or females, ages 3 years - 70 years * Condition(s): N-acetylglutamate synthetase deficiency, propionic acidemia, methylmalonic acidemia, carbamylphosphate synthase deficiency, ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency and the syndrome of hyperammonemia, hypoglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. * In addition, healthy volunteers will be studied (ages 18 years - 50 years). Exclusion Criteria: * Acutely ill on day of study (fever, evidence of hyperammonemia - ataxia, worsening obtundation, focal neurologic signs, seizures, increased intracranial pressure, vomiting, signs of acute respiratory or enteric illness, headache, confusion, disorientation, acute personality change). * Girls 11 years of age must have a negative urine/serum pregnancy test within 1 week prior to testing unless having a menstrual period during week of test * Lactating females * Hyperammonemia probably refractory to N-carbamylglutamate: other urea cycle disorders (UCD), lysinuric protein intolerance, mitochondrial disorders, congenital lactic acidemia, fatty acid oxidation defects or primary liver disease. * Amount of blood necessary for study exceeds safe limits. * Any investigational drug use within 30 days prior to enrollment. * Parents/guardians or subjects who, in the opinion of the PI, may be non-compliant with study schedules or procedures. * Subjects who do not meet all the enrollment criteria may not be enrolled. Any violations of these criteria will be reported in accordance with Institutional Review Board (IRB) Policies and Procedures.
Treatment of Hypochondriasis With CBT and/or SSRI Treatment of Hypochondriasis With CBT and/or SSRI This study will compare the effectiveness of cognitive behavioral therapy, antidepressant medication, and a combination of the two for treating hypochondriasis. Hypochondriasis is one of the most difficult psychiatric disorders to treat. People with hypochondriasis believe that real or imagined physical symptoms are signs of serious illnesses, despite medical reassurance and other evidence to the contrary. Symptoms of the disorder include a preoccupation with fear of an illness; a persistent fear of having a serious illness, despite medical reassurance; and misinterpretation of symptoms. Some individuals with hypochondriasis recognize that their fear of having a serious illness may be excessive, unreasonable, or unfounded. Episodes of hypochondriasis usually last from months to years, with equally long periods of remission. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and the antidepressant drug fluoxetine (FLX) have both been shown to be effective treatments for hypochondriasis. However, the relative efficacy of a combined approach has yet to be determined. This study will compare the effectiveness of cognitive behavioral therapy, antidepressant medication, and a combination of the two for treating hypochondriasis. Participants in this double-blind study will first report to the study site for two sessions to determine eligibility for participation. Eligible individuals will then be randomly assigned to receive one of the following four treatments for 12 weeks: CBT only; FLX only; CBT plus FLX; or a placebo pill. All participants receiving medication will also receive supportive therapy. Treatment response will be assessed at Week 12, and participants who have shown improvement will continue in the study for an additional 12 weeks. Participants who have not responded to treatment will be removed from the study and will receive open treatment. Participants assigned to receive medication or placebo will take medication once daily for the full 24 weeks. Participants assigned to CBT only or CBT plus FLX will receive CBT weekly for the first 8 weeks, then biweekly until Week 12, and then monthly until week 24. Outcomes will be assessed at study visits at Weeks 6, 12, 24, and 48, and over the phone at Week 36. Inclusion Criteria * Meets DSM-IV criteria for hypochondriasis; ascertained by Structured Diagnosis for Hypochondriasis module of SCID-I, and meets a hypochondriasis severity rating of at least "moderate". * Drug free for 6 weeks of all psychoactive or investigational medications (seven weeks for fluoxetine). * Approval from treating physician if concomitant psychoactive medications need to be withdrawn prior to study participation. * English fluency and literacy. Exclusion Criteria * Pregnant or nursing mothers and women of childbearing potential who are not taking adequate birth control precautions. * Any of the following Axis I mental disorders: chronic pain syndrome, schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorder, bipolar disorder, alcohol abuse or dependence disorder (current or within the last six months), or substance abuse or dependence disorder (current or within the last twelve months). Patients with other comorbid psychiatric disorders are eligible based on the following three criteria: hypochondriasis must be the predominant presenting disorder; patient can not have a major co-morbid psychiatric disorder rated as "severe" on the Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI Scale); and patients can not have a co-morbid psychiatric disorder that causes significant functional impairment (significant functional impairment will be defined as an impairment that interferes in a marked way with expected role functioning, vocational and/or interpersonal). * Suicidality within the last 6 months as established by a score of 9 or more on the suicidality module of the MINI Plus. * Symptom-contingent pending litigation, disability compensation, or workers' compensation proceedings * Major medical illness expected to worsen significantly, lead to hospitalization, or likely to prove fatal in the next six months, established with the Cumulative Illness Rating Scale (CIRS); Stable, chronic medical illness is not an exclusion criterion * Not able to withdraw from concomitant psychoactive medications or currently taking necessary other medication that might interact adversely with fluoxetine: * Clinically important abnormalities in ECG, laboratory tests (including thyroid function) or physical examination. "Clinically important" abnormalities are those that signify a treatment intervention is needed or a medical abnormality has not been sufficiently addressed. Patients with medical problems that are stable and chronic are eligible, but patients with medical problems that are unstable, acute, or inadequately evaluated will be excluded. A current electrocardiogram is required for all patients with symptoms suggestive of cardiac disease, including chest pain, dyspnea, palpitations, or lightheadedness; if no current electrocardiogram exists, the study will obtain one. * History of severe side effects associated with fluoxetine or noncompliance with prior CBT for hypochondriasis * Previous adequate trial of either fluoxetine (eight weeks of which two weeks were at a minimum dose of 60 mg/day) or CBT for hypochondriasis (at least four sessions specifically targeting hypochondriacal symptoms) will be excluded, regardless of prior response. Inability to ambulate or mobility restrictions that prohibit frequent travel to the hospital for treatment and evaluation.
Disulfiram for Cocaine Abuse in Buprenorphine Treatment Disulfiram for Cocaine Abuse in Buprenorphine Treatment The investigators are proposing a placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and potential mechanisms of action of disulfiram (versus placebo) for treating cocaine abuse in subjects with concurrent opiate dependence and cocaine abuse or dependence maintained on buprenorphine/naloxone combination. The Specific Aims and hypotheses for the proposed study are as follows: 1. To compare the efficacy of disulfiram versus placebo for the treatment of buprenorphine maintained patients with concurrent opioid and cocaine dependence. Study hypothesis 1 is that disulfiram is superior to placebo. 2. To evaluate whether dopamine-B-hydroxylase (DBH) genotypes associated with high, intermediate or low enzyme activity predict responses to disulfiram treatment of cocaine use in buprenorphine treated subjects. Study hypothesis 2 is that disulfiram efficacy is higher in subjects with low DBH compared to subjects with high DBH. 3. To explore whether baseline measures of alcohol use predict response to disulfiram. Study Hypothesis 3 is that the effects of disulfiram on cocaine use are independent of the severity of baseline alcohol use. Inclusion Criteria: * English speaking adults ages 18 - 45. * Meeting FDA criteria for agonist maintenance treatment and DSM-IV criteria for opioid dependence and cocaine dependence or abuse as assessed by SCID interview and documented by opioid positive and cocaine positive urine toxicology testing. * Women of childbearing age will be included provided they agree to adequate contraception and to monthly pregnancy testing during the course of the study. Exclusion Criteria: * Current physiologic dependence on benzodiazepines or alcohol, unless first detoxified. Subjects who use/abuse alcohol will be included but will be cautioned about alcohol use during the study because of the possibility of an alcohol-disulfiram reaction. * Use of the antibiotic agents metronidazole or clotrimazole, which have disulfiram-like effects in combination with alcohol. * Presence of significant cardiovascular, renal, hepatic or neurologic illness. Subjects with markedly abnormal liver function tests (i.e., AST of ALT \> 3X normal) will also be excluded. * Presence of any of the following cardiovascular risk factors: * age \> 45 years * history of cocaine-related chest pain * systolic blood pressure \> 140 or diastolic blood pressure \> 90 * evidence of ischemia or past myocardial infarction on EKG * significant family history of risk (first degree relative with myocardial infarction prior to age 60) * elevated cholesterol (\> 300 mg/dl), elevated LDL (\> 170 mg/dl) or low HDL (\< 20 mg/dl) * Maintenance on methadone at doses greater than 30mg daily. Admittance to the study will only be offered to individuals who have been maintained on 30 mg of methadone or less daily for seven days prior to entering the study. * Current suicide or homicide risk or current psychotic disorder. * Inability to read or understand the symptom checklists.
Treatment of Erosive Digital Osteoarthritis by Transcutaneous Auricular Nerve Stimulation Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Erosive Hand Osteoarthritis Erosive hand osteoarthritis (EHOA) is a subtype of had osteoarthritis characterized by inflammation and pain, with subsequent burden. Few symptomatic treatments are available in EHOA, while this population with EHOA has frequently comorbidities. Stimulation of the vagus nerve (VN), belonging to parasympathetic system, dampens pro-inflammatory cytokines production by splenic macrophages, through to the binding of acetylcholine neurotransmitter to α7nicotinic receptor on macrophages: this is the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway (CAP). Beyond its anti-inflammatory effects, VNS is analgesic in chronic pain disorders (headache, fibromyalgia). Beside implantable devices, VNS may be performed using transcutaneous stimulation of the ascendant auricular branch of the VN (tVNS) at the left ear localized on the cymba conchae tVNS is well-tolerated therapy avoiding invasive neurosurgery. The investigator do the hypothesis that auricular tVNS using a transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) device could be a novel, simple and well-tolerated analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment of symptomatic EHOA. In symptomatic and inflammatory EHOA patients, we will apply tNVNS using device from Schwa-Medico (TENSeco2 + auricular electrode + conductive gel) 25 Hz stimulation will be applied, intensity escalated up to 15 mA or below if tingling sensation. tVNS will be performed 1 hour daily for 1 month and we will assess EHOA symptoms (pain and function) at 1 month (end of the study) Inclusion Criteria: * Age≥18 years * Symptomatic HOA (1990 American College of Rheumatology criteria) * EHOA according to hand radiographs with ≥1 erosive digital joints of proximal or distal interphalangeal joint (phases "E" or "R" of Verbruggen-Veys score) * Visual Analogic Scale (VAS) for hand pain ≥ 40/100 at inclusion -≥1 interphalangeal joints symptomatic ≥ 3 months despite analgesics or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (or contraindicated) * ≥1 symptomatic interphalangeal joint with clinical palpable synovitis at inclusion * Informed written consent Exclusion Criteria: * Isolated thumb-base OA (ie, rhizarthrosis) * Hand osteoarthritis secondary to other known causes (eg gout, psoriatic arthritis) * Psoriasis * Current skin disease of the ear * Ear canal not adapted to apply the auricular electrode * History of severe cardiac disease (coronary artery disease, rhythm disturbance, heart failure, valvulopathy) * Conduction or rhythm disturbances on electrocardiogram * Symptomatic orthostatic hypotension or vasovagal syncope history * History of vagotomy * Pregnancy * Fibromyalgia * Use of other electrically active medical devices (eg pacemaker) * Documented sleep apnea * Use of corticosteroid (oral, intramuscular, intra-articular or intravenous), immunosuppressive agents, hyaluronic acid injection in interphalangeal joint within the last 3 months * Hand surgery planned during the study period * Pregnancy or breastfeeding if applicable * Oral NSAIDs consumption during the last 48 hours before inclusion
Post-Marketing Surveillance Study of OTEZLA OTEZLA® Tablets Drug Use-Results Survey To evaluate the safety and efficacy of OTEZLA in actual clinical settings of use in patients with Psoriasis vulgaris that is with an inadequate response to topical therapies and Psoriasis arthropathica 1. Planned registration period 2 years 2. Planned surveillance period for 4 years from 6 months after launch Inclusion Criteria: - Patients who have received a diagnosis of either of the following diseases and have received OTEZLA for the first time will be included in this survey. * Psoriasis vulgaris that is with an inadequate response to topical therapies * Psoriasis arthropathica Exclusion Criteria: * N/A
Combined LDR Boost and HDR Whole Gland Dominant Intraprostatic Lesion Boost With Focused LDR Brachytherapy (BT) Integrated to Whole Prostate HDR BT: Safety and Feasibility Analysis This is a dose finding Phase I/II study of combined focused LDR brachytherapy boost with whole gland single fraction HDR for men with low and intermediate risk prostate cancer and Dominant Intraprostatic Lesion (DIL) visible on multi parametric MRI. Patients will receive 19 Gy HDR to the whole gland with concurrent LDR brachytherapy boost to the DIL, in a sequential dose escalation manner. Primary endpoints are early toxicity. Eligible patients will have low and intermediate risk prostate cancer with a dominant intraprostatic lesion definable on multi parametric MRI (PIRADS 4 or 5). Patients will have MR planned LDR focal brachytherapy to the DIL using iodine-125, while at the same time have single 19 Gy delivered to the whole prostate using ultrasound directed high dose-rate brachytherapy (HDR). The LDR boost dose will start at 50 Gy, and increase DIL dose in sequential cohorts of patients up until a dose of 80 Gy. Up to 20 patients will be included. Primary endpoint is toxicity at 3 months. Inclusion Criteria: * Confirmed Adenocarcinoma of the prostate * Single PIRADS 4 or 5 lesion on multiparametric MRI * T1c-T2b on rectal exam * Gleason 3+3 and PSA \< 20ng/mL * Gleason 3+4 and PSA \<10ng/mL * Less than 50% of the cores positive in an untargeted prostate biopsy. * Prostate volume \< 60 cc Exclusion Criteria: * Incapable or ineligible for MRI imaging * Previous trans-urethral resection of prostate (TURP) * Previous or current use of androgen deprivation * Baseline International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) \> 15 * Evidence of distant or nodal metastasis * Disease that contraindicates treatment with radiation (e.g connective tissue disease) * Unsuitable for anesthesia due to comorbidity
Effects of Slow-speed Traditional Resistance Training, High-speed Resistance Training and Multicomponent Training With Variable Resistances on Molecular, Body Composition, Neuromuscular, Physical Function and Quality of Life Variables in Older Adults. Effects of Slow-speed Traditional Resistance Training, High-speed Resistance Training and Multicomponent Training With Variable Resistances on Molecular, Body Composition, Neuromuscular, Physical Function and Quality of Life Variables in Older Adults. Human aging is characterized by a progressive deterioration of multiple physiologic systems, with marked decreases in skeletal muscle mass, muscle strength, physical function and quality of life beginning in the sixth decade in life. These deleterious modifications have a significant impact upon mobility and ability to undertake daily living activities in elderly people. If we consider that, according to current projections, the proportion of the European population over 65 years will increase from 17% in 2010 to 30% in 2060 and that physical activity participation rates for older adults (\>60 years) remain low, with only 16% meeting the recommendations of the American College of Sports Medicine Guidelines (11% for resistance training), we need to understand what type of training (strategy) can be the most effective for reverse physical impairments, and not only that, but which one obtains greater adherence and self-perception for contribute a healthier, active and more independent elderly population in the future. Thus, the purpose of this study is to investigate the effects of 20-week slow-speed traditional resistance training, high-speed resistance training and multicomponent training program with variable resistance (elastic bands) on molecular, body composition, neuromuscular, physical function and quality of life variables in older adults. This research also aims to evaluate if this novel types of training intervention (using variable resistances such as elastic bands in all the training programs and measure the intensity with the OMNI-RES perceived exertion specific for older adults) is feasible in this population, through analysis of adherence, intervention fidelity and self-perception reported. Slow-speed traditional resistance training (2-3 seconds for each concentric and eccentric phase) protocols for the elderly have involved relatively heavy loads (70-80% of maximum force) in order to increase strength and function, and has been demonstrated to be an effective strategy to improve biomarkers of health and fitness across a wide range of healthy and clinical older populations, but the results regarding the function are inconsistent in the current literature. However, several studies indicated that muscle power is a stronger predictor than strength for daily motor activities, such as fast walking, stair-climbing, and rising from a chair, and that peak muscle power was associated with functional limitations in older people. Moreover, muscle power declines earlier and at a higher rate than strength. More recently, several authors have designed high-speed resistance training programs, also calling power training or explosive-type resistance training to improve muscle power in older adults rather than strength. However, the effects of high-speed resistance training versus slow-speed traditional resistance training on functional outcomes in older adults are inconsistent, with some studies showing enhanced improvements in function, and others showing no difference in function perhaps because to the application of different training parameters, tests, functional status of the participants or the lengths of the studies. Furthermore, the effects of the high-speed training programs on others variables such as oxidative stress, bone profile or metabolic function are unknown. On the other hand, current recommendations have recognized that a combination of aerobic activity, strength training and flexibility exercises is important for maintaining physical function in older adults. However, most studies in older individuals have examined the isolated effect of strength and endurance training programs and focused on different health-related fitness parameters. Also, due to the low rates of physical activity in older adults, especially regarding resistance training (11%), it is necessary to study the effects of other types of physical activity possibly more dynamics, like the multicomponent training. Multicomponent training is defined as a well-rounded program that includes endurance, strength, coordination, balance and flexibility exercises and is becoming increasingly popular among the older population and appears to be associated with several health benefits because has the potential to impact both cardiorespiratory and neuromuscular fitness, which both play an important role in maintaining functional fitness and quality of life. Currently however, there is no evidence which has examined the effectiveness of high-speed resistance training and multicomponent training in older adults (\>60 years) in front of slow-speed traditional training not only in respect of the physical function, but also in terms of oxidative stress, bone profile, metabolic status and quality of life. Developing an understanding of novel training strategies can ultimately provide a viable alternative to traditional modes of exercise training for a broader range of participants and increase their adherence to them. This is a randomized clinical trial (RCT) with 4 parallel arms. The subjects will be divided in 4 groups with a randomized technique: slow-speed traditional resistance training group (TRADITIONAL), high-speed resistance training group (H-SPEED), multicomponent training group (MULTICOMPONENT) and control group (CONTROL). The subjects will be submitted to a 4-session familiarization period and then a 20-week of training program will be performed twice a week. The TRADITIONAL group will perform 6 submaximal repetitions equivalent to 85% of the one-repetition maximum (1RM) per exercise (high intensity training sessions). The perceived exertion level on the OMNI-RES scale progressed from 6-7 (somewhat hard) in the first 4 weeks to 8-9 (hard) in the remaining 16 weeks. Control of the intensity by this method (which takes into account the grip width, band color, and number of bands) has been previously validated in young adults, middle aged adults, and older adults, and will be the first time that it will be used the validate scale for older adults in the intervention training. The number of sets per exercise progressed from 3 in the first 8 weeks to 4 in the remaining 12 weeks in both groups, with 120s of active recovery (slow rhythmic swinging of the extremities without the use of elastic bands) between sets and 90s of rest between exercises. The speed of execution of the exercises was controlled using a metronome marking the cadence (2s of concentric contraction and 2s of eccentric contraction). The training session will consist in a general warm-up, 6 resistance exercises, including 2 upper limb exercises (elbow curl and chest press), 2 lower limb exercises (lunge and standing hip abduction), and 2 exercises combining both upper and lower limbs at the same time (squat plus upright rowing and squat plus shoulder press) and finally the cooldown routine. Primarily multijoint exercises were chosen to emphasize both major and minor muscle groups. The H-SPEED group will perform the same routine than the TRADICIONAL group (the same general warm-up, the same 6 resistance exercises and the same cooldown routine) with the difference that this group will perform the concentric phase of each repetition in the resistance exercises ''as fast as possible'', will pause for 1 second, and will perform the eccentric phase in 2-3 seconds (the speed of execution of the exercises was controlled using a metronome). This group will perform 12 submaximal repetitions with very low perceived exertion (3 of 10) and ''rapid´´ in the qualitative perceived exertion scale for power training, equivalent to 40-50% 1RM (low-intensity). The number of sets per exercise progressed from 3 in the first 8 weeks to 4 in the remaining 12 weeks, with 90s of active recovery between sets (slow rhythmic swinging of the extremities without the use of elastic bands) and 60s of rest between exercises. The MULTICOMPONENT group sessions will include a resistance training component, but will combine it with additional exercise regimens including balance, aerobic, flexibility and coordination. Participants will perform, in this order, balance exercises followed by resistance/coordination, aerobic/coordination and flexibility exercises in each session. The balance training will consist in static, dynamic and proactive balance exercises. In the resistance training block, the participants will perform 15 submaximal repetitions with a perceived exertion level on the OMNI-RES Scale 6-7 (somewhat hard) in the first 8 weeks and 8-9 (hard) in the remaining 12 weeks. Participants will perform 2 resistance exercises (squat plus upright rowing and lunge) at traditional slow-speed (2s of concentric contraction and 2s of eccentric contraction). The number of sets per exercise will progress from 3 in the first 8 weeks to 4 in the remaining 12 weeks, with 90s of active recovery between sets and 60s of rest between exercises. Given the demonstrated importance of reproducing the different challenges encountered in daily life, will be proposed in the aerobic part of the session exercises that will require moving through space using walking progressively at faster speeds to light skipping, jogging, or with longer steps, and while adding the use of the arms. The heart rate will be monitored by the polar team system, which allows monitoring the heart rate of different people at the same time. The intensity of this part will progress from 65 to 85% of the maximum heart rate over the training weeks. The flexibility block will consist in static stretching exercises of upper and lower limbs. Finally, the coordination exercises will be performed in the rests periods of resistance and aerobic blocks, and will consist of psychomotor (reaction time) exercises, dance movements and obstacle exercises. Specific cognitive challenges were integrated also into this block (coordination) to engage executive function, and to specifically stimulate the inhibition of habitual responses and cognitive flexibility. For instance, participants will have to perform task sequences while reversing or ''scattering'' a learned order, or to learn different stimulus-response associations and then switch between them according to external cues. The difficulty of balance and coordination exercises will increase progressively to generate adaptations. The subjects will perform four sessions of pre-intervention familiarization to (a) select the color, grip width, and number of bands; (b) adapt the rate of perceived exertion; and (c) learn the correct technique for the exercises. The loads will be adjusted every week to maintain the appropriate training intensities by adapting the color and number of elastic bands along with the grip width. Training attendance will be recorded at every session. All the training sessions will be performed in two Municipal Activity Centers for Older People located in Valencia (Campanar and Nou Benicalap centers), under the supervision of a qualified and experienced sports scientist and physiotherapists to ensure safety and compliance. All the supervised programs will include 2 weekly sessions will perform on nonconsecutive days (separated by 48-72 hr) for 20 weeks. Each session will be performed in groups, and each participant always will perform the exercises in the same order, alternating between the upper and lower limbs. Elastic bands (TheraBand®, Akron, OH, USA) and chairs will be used as the equipment. Inclusion Criteria: * Age\>60 years. * Physically independent (able to walk 100 meters without a walking aid and climb 10 steps without rest). * Medical certificate of suitability or fitness to practice resistance training activities. * No plans to leave the area during the intervention. * Cognitive ability to understand, follow the instructions and sign the informed consent form. * Free of any antioxidant supplements for at least 6 weeks before the start of this study. * Willingness to be randomized to either intervention group and to follow the study protocol. Exclusion Criteria: * Presence of cardiovascular, musculoskeletal, renal, liver or neuromuscular disorders that would prevent the participant from performing the exercises. * Body weight changes \>10% in the previous year. * Intake of prescription medications that were expected to alter the results of the study (ergogenic, dietary aids, estrogen, steroid hormones, calcitonin, or corticosteroids). * A history of malignant neoplasms. * Engagement in regular strength training (more than once a week) during the previous 6 months. * Individuals participating in another research project (within the last 6 months) involving dietary, exercise and/or pharmaceutical intervention * Mini Mental State Examination lower than 24/30 * Severe visual or hearing impairment
Hearing Preservation and Electro-acoustic Stimulation With EVO® Electrode Lead and Zebra® Sound Processor Hearing Preservation and Electro-acoustic Stimulation With EVO® Electrode Lead and Zebra® Sound Processor Some candidates to cochlear implantation can have residual low frequencies hearing. The EVO electrode lead has been specifically designed to preserve this residual hearing through surgery. It is then possible to provide the patient with a electro-acoustic stimulation (EAS) which combines both an acoustical stimulation for the preserved low frequency hearing and an electrical stimulation through the cochlear implant. The major aim of this study is to evaluate hearing preservation after implantation with the EVO electrode lead. The secondary outcome is to evaluate the benefit of EAS stimulation provided by the Zebra speech processor. Some candidates to cochlear implantation can have residual low frequencies hearing. The EVO electrode lead has been specifically designed to preserve this residual hearing through surgery. It is then possible to provide the patient with a electro-acoustic stimulation (EAS) which combines both an acoustical stimulation for the preserved low frequency hearing and an electrical stimulation through the cochlear implant. Literature showed the EAS stimulation can lead to better speech understanding, especially in noisy situation, and can provide important information about intonating or melodic contours, thus increasing sound quality and music perception. Objectives The major aim of this study is to evaluate hearing preservation after implantation with the EVO electrode lead. The secondary outcome is to evaluate the benefit of EAS stimulation provided by the Zebra speech processor. Methods Unaided tonal audiograms are measured for cochlear implant candidates with low frequency residual hearing before and after cochlear implantation with the EVO electrode lead. Aided tonal audiograms and speech intelligibility in quiet and in noise are measured after implantation with the three modes of stimulation (acoustic stimulation AS, electric stimulation ES, and electro-acoustic stimulation EAS). Inclusion Criteria: * Agreement to participate * Above 18 years old * Candidate for cochlear implantation * Residual hearing in low frequencies (auditory thresholds better than or equal to 70 dB up to 500 Hz * Native or fluent French speaker Exclusion Criteria: * No affiliation to social security * No agreement * Vulnerable patient
Arch Bars vs. IMF (Intermaxillary Fixation) Screws: Cost Effectiveness Based on Time Duration of Device Placement. Erich Arch Bars vs. IMF Screws for Placement of Maxillomandibular Fixation: Which is More Time Effective in the Operating Room Setting? Determining the cost effectiveness, based on the time duration of application, of two methods of wiring the jaws together during surgery to repair mandible fractures. One technique is more expensive but faster in application, while the other is less expensive and takes more time to apply. Purpose: To identify which option of wiring the jaws together during treatment of mandible fractures is more cost effective to the patient, Erich arch bars or IMF (Intermaxillary Fixation) screws. Patients who sustain mandible fractures that meet the inclusion criteria will be randomized to one of the two treatment types listed above. The overall treatment in both categories is consistent with the standard of care, the only difference being the method utilized to achieve intermaxillary fixation during the course of the surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients aged 18-70 * Patients with no greater than one (1) open fracture of the tooth-bearing mandible * Mandibular angle fractures ± Ramus or subcondylar fracture * Body/symphysis ± subcondylar * Isolated angle fracture * Isolate subcondylar fractures * Bilateral subcondylar fractures * Any condylar head/neck fracture requiring treatment * Patients who are candidates for treatment of their fractures in the operating room setting Exclusion Criteria: * Patients younger than 18 or older than 70 * Patients with developing tooth buds anterior to the second molars * Patients with inadequate stability of occlusion * Edentulism * Unstable vertical and horizontal stops to the occlusion * Patients with disorders affecting bone healing, metabolism and turnover * Those patients on bisphosphonates, oral or IV * Patients with evidence of intrabony pathology of the mandible or maxilla * The presence of any of the following: * Greater than one (1) open fracture of the tooth-bearing mandible * Bilateral angle fractures are exempt from this * Comminuted fractures of the mandible * Concomitant infection, or osteomyelitis of the mandible * Mechanism of injury * Pathologic fracture * Gun-shot wounds
Effect of the Administration of L-arginine vs. Placebo in Patients Diagnosed With Presbyvestibulopathy. Effect of the Administration of L-arginine vs. Placebo on the vHIT Result, Vestibular Caloric Tests and Symptoms of Patients Diagnosed With Presbyvestibulopathy. Presbivestibulopathy is defined as a chronic vestibular syndrome characterized by bilateral vestibulopathy verified with vestibular tests. These tests objectively assess vestibular function: video Head Impulse Test (v-HIT) and Vestibular Caloric Tests. Also, there are some questionnaires that serve us for monitoring and prognosis (Dizziness Handicap Inventory). There is currently no specific treatment for presbyvestibulopathy. The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of L-arginine vs. placebo on symptoms, changes in the results of vHIT tests of patients diagnosed with presbyvestibulopathy. It will be conducted a randomized, double blind, placebo controled clinical trial. Patients will be men and women who meet the diagnostic criteria for Presbyvestibulopathy of the Barany Society. The sample size will be 12 patients per group. The patients in the experimental group will receive L-arginine at a dose of 3 grams divided into three doses of 1 g (capsules) every 8 hours, for 3 months. Patients in the control group will receive placebo at the same dosage. All patients will receive vestibular rehabilitation exercises. At the beginning and the end of the intervention , the following tests will be carried out: vertigo disability questionnaire, vHIT tests, and the Up and Go time test. Vertigo is a common cause in the otorhinolaryngology consultation; a high incidence of this condition has been reported, since there are reports indicating that up to 80% of the world population has presented an episode of vertigo at some stage of their lives. In Germany, it has been reported a prevalence of moderate to severe vestibular vertigo is reported, calculated using a representative sample of a 22.9% in adults of 18 to 79 years. In a report of the United States Emergency Department, it has been reported that 3.3% of the first-contact consultations are due to dizziness, of which 32.9% wer of otological or vestibular origin. Vertigo is classified into two categories: vertigo of central origin and peripheral vertigo. Peripheral vertigo, object of study of this investigation, is originated in the vestibular system, located in the inner ear. Among the differential diagnoses of vertigo of peripheral origin we find presbivestibulopathy, which is a condition characterized by bilateral vestibular dysfunction proven with objective diagnostic tests such as video HIT (vHIT), vestibular caloric tests, among others. In addition, the diagnostic must be done in people over 60 years, and other diagnostic criteria established by the diagnostic criteria for Presbyvestibulopathy of the Barany Society. The treatment of vertigo, as well of the presbyvestibulopathy, is aimed to stabilize the pathological fluctuations in peripheral vestibular function, as well as promoting central compensation in case of a permanent deficit in vestibular function. Therefore, the drugs used for its treatment their purpose is to regulate the decompensated vestibular activity and to improve the symptoms, but not to suppress the cause that originates the pathology since the mechanism of action of the disease is not well established. Currently, there is not a first-choice medication for the treatment of vertigo in general, much less for presbyvestibulopathy, since none has show high efficacy and low presence of adverse effects. Some of the drugs used to treat vertigo include anticholinergics, antihistamines, benzodiazepines and calcium channel blockers. In the same way, some substances have been used that have shown effectiveness despite the fact that their mechanism of action is unknown or not very clear, sus as betahistine and Gingko biloba. L-arginine is a precursor amino acid fr the endogenous synthesis of nitric oxide (NO), a molecule produced in the vascular endothelium with vasodilatory, antiatherogenic and antiplatelet action. To date, there is no evidence of the use of L-arginine for the treatment of vertigo, however, its vasodilator effect as a precursor of NO should favor vascular perfusion in the vestibular system, therefore, it is of interest to know the therapeutic effects of L-arginine for ths treatment of pathology. Inclusion Criteria: * Men and women. * Age over 60 years. * That patient meets the diagnostic criteria established for presbyvestibulopathy by the Classification Committee of the Barany Society: * Chronic vestibular syndrome (al least 3 months duration) with at least 2 of the following symptoms: * Postural imbalance or unsteadiness * Gait disturbance * Chronic dizziness * Recurrent falls * Mild bilateral peripheral vestibular hypofunction documented by at leat 1 of the following: * VOR gain measured by video-HIT between 0.6 and 0.8 bilaterally * VOR gain between 0.1 and 0.3 upon sinusoidal stimulation on a rotatory chair (0.1 Hz, Vmax=50-60°/sec) * Reduced caloric response (sum of bithermal saccadic peak velocity (SPV) on each side between 6 and 25°/sec) * Age ≥60 years * Not better accounted for by another disease or disorder * Consent under information Exclusion Criteria: * Not being able to rule out the use of antivertigo drugs 1 week prior to study entry. * Use of vasodilator drugs or antihistamines. * Orthostatic hypotension * Cognitive deficit of the patient that prevents him from understanding the implications of the study. * Known uncontrolled liver or kidney disease. * Known hypersensitivity to study drugs. * Chronic use of drugs with an anticoagulant effect. * Bronchial asthma. Elimination Criteria: * Treatment adherence \<80% evaluated through registration in an adherence diary and capsules count * Presence of serious adverse events * Withdrawal of consent under information
Remote Ischemic Conditioning and Atrial Fibrillation After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting (CABG) A Clinical Study on the Effect of Remote Ischemic Conditioning on Atrial Fibrillation and Outcome After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting Recent studies indicate that remote ischemic conditioning can protect the heart and other organs during cardiac surgery. The investigators aim to investigate whether such a stimulus can reduce the incidence of atrial fibrillation or other complications following coronary artery bypass surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * Elective on-pump CABG surgery * Informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Prior cardiac surgery (Re-operations) * Prior atrial fibrillation * Use of class 1 or 3 anti arrhythmic medication or digoxin Use of intermittent aortic cross clamping during surgery * Age \<18 years * Left ventricular ejection fraction ≤30% * Serious pulmonary disease (resting pO2 \<90% at room air) * Renal failure (clearance \<30 ml/min as calculated using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formula) * Liver failure * Use of the sulfonylurea derivative glibenclamide (this drug is known to block any preconditioning stimulus
Smartphone Application-Based Vital Sign Monitors Comparison of Smartphone Application-Based Vital Sign Monitors to Devices Used in Clinical Practice Health-related applications for smartphones represent a new and popular market for consumer oriented products. These applications are generally not considered medical devices and, as such, are not under the purview of the Federal Drug Administration. Some of these applications purport to measure vital signs, but do not have any published data to confirm accuracy of such measurements and their developers have not been willing to divulge the methods by which vital sign readings are produced. Use of unvalidated application derived data may contribute to patient harm as patients may make healthcare decisions based on the results these applications provide. This study aims to assess the accuracy of several such applications by comparing their findings to those of clinical vital sign monitors commonly used in the perioperative setting. Recruitment of volunteers take place via announcement at the Anesthesiology Departmental Grand Rounds as well as by flyers posted in the UT Southwestern Department of Anesthesiology \& Pain Management. After verbal consent is obtained, each volunteer will be placed in the seated position. Upper-arm non-invasive blood pressure will be measured using WelchAllyn Propaq CS via a standard size cuff placed in the standard fashion between the elbow and shoulder. Pulse oximetry measurement will be obtained using the WelchAllyn Propaq CS via the 4th digit of the hand. The smart phone applications are Instant Blood Pressure, Instant Blood Pressure Pro, Pulse Oximeter and Pulse Oximeter Pro and purchased by the principal investigator and downloaded via the iTunes App Store onto an iPhone 5S with iOS 7.1.2 owned by the principal investigator. The application-based measurements will be performed by the volunteer according to the instructions from the application to the user without explanation from the investigators. Systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (SBP), pulse (P) and peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) will be collected from 100 volunteers. Serial measurements will be taken in the following fashion: right upper extremity, smartphone application measurements, left upper extremity and repeat smartphone application measurements. Thus, for each volunteer each data point referenced above will be recorded six times: two times using standard equipment readings (one per extremity) and four times with application-based readings (two times per application). The two applications to measure blood pressure (Instant Blood Pressure and Instant Blood Pressure Pro) both utilize the camera and flashlight on the iPhone. In addition, the Instant Blood Pressure application also utilizes the microphone and instructs the user to hold the iPhone against the chest in a specific fashion to complete its measurement. Both applications also request the user to input certain demographic data: Gender, Age, Height and Weight. In addition, one application (Instant Blood Pressure Pro) also instructs the user to input data on "Body Condition" and provides the following options: Poor, Below Average, Average, Above Average, Good, Excellent and Athlete. The application does not provide any direction on how one is to distinguish between these options. If these applications measure data based on some yet unexplained function using the iPhone's onboard technology, then changing the demographic data should not alter the result of the measurement. In the same way, a sphygmomanometer or pulse oximeter does not need to know one's gender, height, weight or age to accurately measure blood pressure or pulse. The application based vital sign readings may change in concert with changes to demographic variables even though clinical vital sign monitors remain relatively consistent. To test this hypothesis, in a subgroup (n=20), serial measurements using both clinical vital sign and application based vital sign readings will be evaluated by changing demographic variables in the application based vital sign monitors. For this subgroup the volunteer will perform serial measurements with the following changes in demographic data for each application: Correct data, Age + 10, Age + 20, Age - 10, Age - 20, Weight - 10%, Weight - 25%, Weight + 10% and Weight +25%. Additionally, for the Instant Blood Pressure Pro application additional readings will be taken changing the "Body Condition" demographic as follows: Poor, Average, Good and Athlete. For each measurement taken using the applications another will be taken using the clinical monitor, or thirteen total readings per volunteer. Inclusion Criteria: * Volunteers from the UT Southwestern Department of Anesthesiology \& Pain Management Exclusion Criteria: * History of Hypertension, * History of Cardiac Disease, * History of Peripheral Vascular Disease * History of Upper extremity amputation
Automated Documentation of Vital Parameters Using Mobile Stations and Activation of the Rapid Response Team Automated Documentation of Vital Parameters in Wards Using Mobile Stations - Effect on the Appropriate Activation of the Rapid Response Team: a Cluster Randomized Clinical Trial The documentation of vital signs is traditionally performed manually when the patient is not admitted in intensive care units, which can lead to documentary errors, long time for data acquisition and, consequently, impairment in the early identification of possible clinical deterioration. In-bed technology solutions are available to automate the collection of vital data and transfer information to a medical record or central electronic monitoring and its role in the health value chain needs further investigation. The investigators propose to evaluate the impact of the Connex Spot Monitor solution Welch Allyn (CSM / Hillrom) in conjunction with the Hillrom Connecta solution in a real world situation, conducting a cluster randomized trilal in wards of a tertiary hospital. In addition, this study aims to estimate the clinical effectiveness of a technological solution that performs an analysis of vital signs and automatically activates the rapid response team (RRT) when the pre-defined criteria are met, comparing it with the traditional manual method. The primary outcome is the number of times that the RRT fires in a timely manner. Inclusion Criteria: - All patients with activated RRT during the study recruitment period. Exclusion Criteria: - Individuals who need blood pressure measurement in lower members.
Heart-Healthy Lenoir Lifestyle Study Community-Based Lifestyle Intervention to Reduce CVD Risk & Disparities in Risk This study aims to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and disparities in risk by improving lifestyle factors which underlie the development of CVD. The first steps will involve conducting a comprehensive formative evaluation to assess individual, interpersonal, organizational, community, and policy factors relevant to CVD risk and risk reduction in Lenoir County. This will be followed by a community-based lifestyle intervention program designed to improve eating patterns, promote physical activity, and for those who are interested, support weight loss. A randomized trial comparing the effectiveness of two community based weight maintenance interventions will also be conducted. Community-wide policy and environmental change interventions will also be implemented to support the individual-level interventions, including partnerships with businesses to promote a healthy environment through innovative economic opportunities. In addition, this project will explore genetic factors associated with cardiovascular disease risk and treatment success. The lifestyle intervention will enroll 350 participants. The initial lifestyle component of this study, which lasts for 4-6 months, will be provided to all participants. Participants may chose from one of two intervention formats, each with 4 contacts: individual counseling with at least one face-to-face visit and the rest face-to-face or by phone or 4 group sessions. The dietary intervention will focus on improving fat and carbohydrate quality. For fat intake, the goals include 2-4 servings per day of polyunsaturated fat primarily from plant sources and minimal intake of trans fat. For carbohydrate intake, the goals include increased intake of whole grains, fruits and vegetables, and beans and reduced consumption of refined carbohydrates. The physical activity intervention will primarily focus on walking with a goal of 7500 to 10,000 steps per day or, for those who do not wish to use a pedometer, 30 minutes of walking a day. Muscle strengthening activities will also be recommended. At the 4-6 month follow-up measures, those who wish to take part in a weight loss study may do so and those who do not will continue in a maintenance of lifestyle intervention. The investigators anticipate approximately 200 participants will take part in the weight loss component of this study, which consists of a 6 month intensive weight loss intervention. Participants may choose from two intervention formats: 16 weekly group sessions or 5 group sessions and 10 phone counseling sessions. The weight loss goal will be 5% of body weight. At the conclusion of this program, those who lose at least 8 pounds and are willing to take part in a 1 year maintenance of weight loss intervention will be RANDOMIZED to one of two maintenance of weight loss programs. One maintenance arm will receive monthly telephone contacts for one year, while the other arm will receive bi-monthly phone contacts. Follow-up measures for all participants will be at approximately 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. Another related part of the project will use a systems approach to develop models integrating clinical and genomic data. Researchers have developed and tested an approach referred to as the SAMARA (Supporting A Multidisciplinary Approach to Research in Atherosclerosis) Project that applies recent, major advances in biomedical and computational sciences at UNC to develop a deeper understanding of human CVD. The Heart-Healthy Lenoir Project will expand studies into the community, using this methodology to: 1) determine the prevalence of genomic risk signatures in high-risk community populations using genome-wide Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) analysis; 2) develop novel genomic models incorporating high-risk features in this population; and 3) determine whether genomic signatures can be used to predict responsiveness to interventions that underlie CVD disparities. Participants who consent to this component of the project will have a blood specimen obtained at baseline. Inclusion Criteria: 1. 18 years or older 2. live in Lenoir County or a neighboring county in Eastern North Carolina 3. anyone enrolled in the Lifestyle study is eligible to participate in the genomics component of the project. Exclusion Criteria: 1. non-English speaking 2. treatment of psychosis 3. alcohol or substance abuse within the two last years 4. history of malignancy, other than non-melanoma skin cancer, unless surgically cured \> 5 years ago or in remission/well treated and not likely to have a negative effect on the patient's health over the next 2 years 5. estimated creatinine clearance less than 30 ml/min 6. lack of access to phone 7. advanced dementia 8. participants who have been diagnosed with a myocardial infarction within the past three months will be excluded from the study if they are unable to obtain written medical clearance from their clinician to participate in the study Additional Exclusion Criteria - Weight Loss Intervention: 1. the investigators will not invite pregnant women to take part in the weight loss study. 2. if a woman becomes pregnant while taking part in this part of the study, we will withdraw her from the weight loss study and invite her to continue in the lifestyle study.
The Utility of IVCM to Assess Cellular Response and Efficacy of Long-term Topical Steroid Treatment in Patients With DED The Utility of in Vivo Confocal Microscopy (IVCM) to Assess Cellular Response and Efficacy of Long-term Topical Steroid Treatment in Patients With Dry Eye Disease (DED) This research study is looking to see if in vivo confocal microscopy (IVCM) imaging can be used to confirm clinical findings (which are noted by the doctor during an eye exam) and measure the immune response to the inflammation in the subject's cornea (the front part of the eyeball). Additionally, this study is trying to determine the effectiveness of two eye-drops, Lotemax and artificial tears, in treating the inflammation associated with DED by measuring changes in immune cells with IVCM imaging. The subject will be treated with either Lotemax (loteprednol) or artificial tears (a lubricating eye drop with no medication). Lotemax is an FDA-approved steroid eye-drop that is often used to treat inflammation associated with DED. Artificial tears are approved by the FDA for treatment of dryness associated with DED. Thus, this study is designed to determine the effects of the administration of a topical steroid, Lotemax, over a treatment period of 6 weeks, using novel methods of detecting efficacy. In order to achieve the aforementioned goal, subjects will be prospectively randomized to one of two treatment arms - Lotemax or artificial tear. Both groups will follow the same study schedule. IVCM is a non-invasive imaging technique that images the cornea at a cellular level with 800x magnification, using a scanning laser. The laser is used to map the cornea, and will not damage or harm the subject's eye. Studies have shown that IVCM can be used to study cells and nerves within the cornea, providing a better understanding of how the cornea reacts to irritants. IVCM has recently been used by the investigator to assess the extent of eye inflammation in cases of dry eye patients. Current steroid therapy in dry eye disease (DED) is comprised of a 2 week duration of pulse therapy, administered twice daily (to avoid adverse effects associated with long-term steroid use). This time frame is often too short to meaningfully resolve the inflammation associated with DED. DED often occurs when there is a decrease in the eye's tear production or if there is an increase in the evaporation of the tear film (a thin layer of tears that keep the eye moist). Eye irritation and inflammation (swelling) is often associated with DED because the surface of the eye is unable to maintain a normal level of moisture. Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18-89 years. * Willing and able to provide written informed consent. * Willing and able to comply with study assessments for the full duration of the study. * In good stable overall health. * Corneal dendritiform cell count by confocal microscopy of \>=75/mm2 (13 immune cells per image) * Diagnosis of dry eye disease based on the followings: * Symptoms of dry eye disease such as foreign body sensation, burning, stinging, light sensitivity for at least 6 months. * Two or more of the following objective signs: * Schirmer test with anesthesia \<10 mm at 5 minutes \[mean Schirmer between eyes. * Tear break-up time (TBUT) of \<10 seconds. * Corneal fluorescein staining of 4 (NEI grading scheme, 0-15) in at least one eye * Lissamine green staining of the nasal and temporal conjunctiva (NEI grading scheme, 0-18) in at least one eye Exclusion Criteria: * Central corneal subbasal dendritic cell count by in vivo confocal microscopy of \<75/mm2 in both eyes * Active ocular allergies * Active allergies to steroids, aminoglycosides, or benzalkonium chloride (BAK) * History of contact lens wear within 3 months before enrollment. * Intraocular surgery or ocular laser surgery within 3 months before enrollment. * History of ocular infection within 3 months before enrollment. * History of topical (for ophthalmic use) or systemic steroid treatment (Loteprednol (other than Lotemax suspension used in our study), Difluprednate, Fluorometholone, Prednisolone, Dexamethasone, Triamcinolone, Rimexolone, Medrysone) within 1 month before enrollment. In case of topical ophthalmic steroid use, a wash-out period of 1 month is required. * History of increased intraocular pressure after using topical steroids (steroid responsive) * Change in systemic immunosuppression medication in the past 3 months. * History of any change in the frequency of topical cyclosporine or oral tetracycline compounds (tetracycline, doxycycline, and minocycline) within 1 month before enrollment. * Any condition (including language barrier) that precludes subject's ability to comply with study requirements including completion of study.
Integrated Diagnosis and Treatment of Adults With Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Integrated Diagnosis and Treatment of Adults With Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Non-interventional study to gain further information about the therapy progression in routine treatment of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Main focus will be on the improvement of the clinical global impression (CGI) in comparison to the outcome of randomized, controlled studies. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients with newly diagnosed ADHD Exclusion Criteria: * Known sensitivity to methylphenidate or any of the excipients * Glaucoma * Phaeochromocytoma * During treatment with non-selective, irreversible monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors, or within a minimum of 14 days of discontinuing those drugs, due to risk of hypertensive crisis * Hyperthyroidism or Thyrotoxicosis * Diagnosis or history of severe depression, anorexia nervosa/anorexic disorders, suicidal tendencies, psychotic symptoms, severe mood disorders, mania, schizophrenia, psychopathic/borderline personality disorder. * Diagnosis or history of severe and episodic (Type I) Bipolar (affective) Disorder (that is not well-controlled) * pre-existing cardiovascular disorders including severe hypertension, heart failure, arterial occlusive disease, angina, haemodynamically significant congenital heart disease, cardiomyopathies, myocardial infarction, potentially life-threatening arrhythmias and channelopathies (disorders caused by the dysfunction of ion channels) * pre-existing cerebrovascular disorders cerebral aneurysm, vascular abnormalities including vasculitis or stroke * a history of pronounced anacidity of the stomach with a pH value above 5.5, in therapy with H2-receptor blockers or in antacid therapy,
The Therapeutic Effects of Topiramate and Metformin on Second Generation Antipsychotics-induced Obesity The Therapeutic Effects of Topiramate and Metformin on Second Generation Antipsychotics-induced Obesity The primary aim of the study is to investigate the efficacy of metformin and topiramate on second-generation antipsychotic-induced obesity. The secondary domain we look at is the adverse effects of both drugs. The investigators hypothesize that metformin and topiramate are effective in treating obesity induced by second-generation antipsychotics. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Diagnosis: schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder 2. Age: 20 to 65 3. BMI\>27 4. Receiving second-generation antipsychotics(Olanzapine, Clozapine, Quetiapine, Risperidone, Amisulpride, Zotepine) Exclusion Criteria: 1. Allergy to metformin or topiramate 2. Currently taking metformin or topiramate 3. Currently taking drugs that may interact with topiramate, including carbamazepine, eslicarbazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenobarbital, phenytoin, primidone, amitriptyline, lithium, metformin, propranolol, and sumatriptan. 4. Being pregnant or planning to become pregnant during the study period, 5. History of hypertension, DM, liver or renal function impairment, cardiovascular disease, CVA, or neurological disorders 6. History of hypoglycemia 7. History of suicidal attempt 8. Current scale of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale\>8
Bedside Tests of Cardiorespiratory Fitness Exploring the Utility of Bedside Tests for Predicting Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Older Adults A study of 64 older adults over the age of 65y to assess the utility of patient characteristics and bedside measures of physical function and muscle size to predict cardiorespiratory fitness. A study of 64 older adults over the age of 65y to assess the utility of patient characteristics (age, gender and BMI) and bedside measures of physical function (handgrip strength and step box test) and muscle size (muscle thickness via B-mode ultrasonography (US)) to predict cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2peak and anaerobic threshold) as measured by the gold-standard assessment method, cardiopulmonary exercise testing (CPET). Each participant will take part in a single assessment day (after health screening against CPET safety criteria) whereby they will have US measures of the vastus lateralis before completing HGS and step box test assessments, and finally a CPET. Inclusion Criteria: * Over 65y * Independent, community-dwelling Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindications to CPET safety criteria
A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of BIIB100 Administered Orally to Adults With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis A Phase 1, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Single-Ascending-Dose Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of BIIB100 Administered Orally to Adult Participants With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the safety, tolerability of single-ascending doses of BIIB100 in adults with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). The secondary objective of the study is to characterize the pharmacokinetic profile of BIIB100. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Must meet the laboratory-supported probable, probable, or definite criteria for diagnosing ALS according to the World Federation of Neurology El Escorial criteria. * Participants taking concomitant riluzole at study entry must be on a stable dose for greater than or equals to (\>=) 30 days prior to the first dose of study treatment (Day 1). Participants taking concomitant riluzole must be willing to continue with the same dose regimen throughout the study, unless the Investigator determines that riluzole should be discontinued for medical reasons, in which case it may not be restarted during the study. * Participants taking concomitant edaravone at study entry must be on a stable dose for \>= 60 days prior to the first dose of study treatment (Day 1). * Adequate respiratory function as indicated by slow vital capacity (SVC) \>= 65% of predicted value as adjusted for sex, age, and height (from the sitting position). Key Exclusion Criteria: * Ongoing medical condition (e.g., wasting or cachexia, severe anemia) that would, in the opinion of the Investigator, interfere with the conduct or assessments of the study. * Significant cognitive impairment or unstable psychiatric illness, including psychosis, suicidal ideation, suicide attempt, or untreated major depression less than or equals to (\<=) 90 days of Screening, which in the opinion of the Investigator would interfere with the study procedures. * Treatment with drugs that are transported by Breast Cancer Resistance Protein (BCRP) and P-glycoprotein (P-gp) including, but not limited to, rosuvastatin, sulfasalazine, dabigatran, digoxin and fexofenadine. * Current enrollment or plan to enroll in any interventional clinical study in which an investigational treatment or approved therapy for investigational use is administered within 30 days or 5 half-lives of the agent, whichever is longer, prior to the Baseline Visit (pre-dose on Day 1). Participation in a noninterventional study focused on ALS natural history may be allowed at the discretion of the Investigator and after consultation with the Sponsor. Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
Calcium and Phosphorus Whole-Body Balance and Kinetics in Patients With Moderate Chronic Kidney Disease Calcium and Phosphorus Whole-Body Balance and Kinetics in Patients With Moderate Chronic Kidney Disease This pilot study aims to develop a method for simultaneous whole-body calcium and phosphorus balance and full kinetic modeling of both ions in patients with chronic kidney disease. The goal of this project is to produce preliminary data on the effects of the commonly prescribed dietary phosphorus restriction on whole-body Calcium (Ca) and Phosphorus (P) balance and kinetics patients with CKD, to support a larger future clinical study. The specific aims are to determine intestinal Ca and P fractional absorption and 2) Ca and P balance and full kinetics, effect sizes variance estimates in patients with CKD on a low Ca diet with high P diet versus dietary P restriction. The hypothesis is that a high P diet, in the context of a typical low Ca diet, leads to P retention negative Ca balance, and that dietary P restriction modestly reduces P retention but does not negative Ca balance. The study design is a randomized 2-period cross-over study. All outpatient and inpatient visits place at the Indiana CTSI Clinical Research Center located in IU Health University Hospital in Indianapolis, IN. Subjects will be randomly assigned to controlled diets of either low Ca/high P (LCa/HP) or low (LCa/LP) for a 1-week, outpatient diet equilibration period, followed by 1-week inpatient full balance that includes a 48-hour Ca and P absorption testing protocol. After a 1-3 week washout subjects will crossover to the other diet regimen Inclusion Criteria: * Men or women, ages 30-75 years old, any race or ethnicity * Moderate chronic kidney disease * Female subjects must be postmenopausal (\>12 months since last menstrual period), surgically sterile, or confirmed not pregnant by pregnancy test * Must be on stable doses of medications (except those noted in exclusion criteria) for at least 4 weeks prior to the study * Willing to discontinue nutritional supplements (e.g. vitamin D, calcium, multivitamin/minerals, or others) upon enrollment until completion of the study * Adequate vitamin D status defined as serum 25D \> 20 ng/mL Exclusion Criteria: * Plans to initiate dialysis within 6 months * Hypercalcemia defined as serum calcium \>10.5 mg/dL within past 3 months * Hyperkalemia defined as serum potassium \>5.5 mg/dL within past 3 months * Hyperphosphatemia defined as serum phosphate \>5.5 mg/dL within past 3 months * Intestinal disease that alters absorption or normal intestinal function including celiac disease, small bowel resection, or bariatric surgery * Serious, uncontrolled underlying systemic disease including diabetes, lupus, hypertension * Pregnant or breastfeeding * Prescribed a phosphate binder medication, calcitriol, vitamin D analogs, calcimimetics, parathyroid hormone analogues, and other medications that may alter Ca and P metabolism within past 30 days
The Pharmacokinetics of Ketamine in the Breast Milk of Lactating Women The Pharmacokinetics of Ketamine in the Breast Milk of Lactating Women: Quantification of Ketamine and Metabolites Quantification of Ketamine in Breast Milk at 3 hour Intervals up to 30 hours-- obtained from lactating women who receive 2 different Intramuscular injections of ketamine on two separate days at least 5 days apart. Quantification of Ketamine in Breast Milk at 3 hour Intervals up to 30 hours-- obtained from lactating women who receive 2 different Intramuscular injections of ketamine on two separate days at least 5 days apart: 0.5mg/kg and 1.0mg kg. Women are required to have been breast feeding for at least 3 months and be healthy and on no medications. Support is provided for the entire time at the site and for any at home pumping. During the period of ketamine's influence, subjects are reclining and with 2 Investigators. The initial subject's data will determine the length of time for pumping--most likely 12 hours as ketamine and the active principle metabolite have half-lives of less than 3 hours. Determination of concentration of ketamine in breast milk is being done at the UCSF Clinical lab with quantification of metabolites that are inactive as well. This research is of benefit by providing lactating women information on potential exposure of infants/children to ketamine. It will serve as a guide as KRF conducts research on postpartum depression and for women at large using ketamine for psychiatric indications. Inclusion Criteria:• Age 21-45 * Postpartum with established lactation for a minimum of 3 months. * Ability to pump breast milk and to provide a reservoir for infant feeding prior to the study; or acceptance of bottle feeding by the infant. * In good health-normal BP/P; afebrile-temp ascertained; review of systems by MD; absence of diagnosed illnesses. * Not pregnant--Pregnancy tested for before each administration by urine assay. Exclusion Criteria:• Hypertension with a BP greater than 145/90 * Subjects must be off all psychiatric medications specifically; medications and supplements, or evaluated by the PI for non-interference * No alcohol or other substances such as marijuana for 72 hours or more. * Weight \<50kg or \> 90kg. * Pregnancy
The Effect of Sexual Minority Awareness Education on the Level of Knowledge and Attitude Towards LGBT Individuals The Effect of Sexual Minority Awareness Education Provided to Nursing Students on the Level of Knowledge and Attitudes Towards LGBT Individuals Purpose:This research was planned to determine the effect of the sexual minority awareness training program given to nursing students on the level of knowledge and attitude towards LGBT individuals. Design:The study was planned as an experimental study with a randomized control group, using pre-test, post-test and follow-up test. LGBT Ally Identity Measure, Attitude Towards Lesbians and Gays Scale, Attitudes Toward Transgendered Individuals Scale will be used as data collection forms. Hypotheses: H1: The LGBT Ally Identity Measure scores of students who receive sexual minority awareness training will increase after the training H2: The LGBT Ally Identity Measure scores of students receiving sexual minority awareness training will increase compared to the control group. H3: Attitude Towards Lesbians and Gays scale scores of students who receive sexual minority awareness training will increase after the training H4: Attitude Towards Lesbians and Gays scale scores of students who receive sexual minority awareness training will increase compared to the control group. H5: Attitudes Toward Transgendered Individuals Scale scores of students who receive sexual minority awareness training will increase after the training H6: Attitudes Toward Transgendered Individuals Scale scores of students who receive sexual minority awareness training will increase compared to the control group. This research was planned to determine the effect of the sexual minority awareness training program given to nursing students on the level of knowledge and attitude towards LGBT individuals. The study was planned as an experimental study with a randomized control group, using pre-test, post-test and follow-up test. LGBT Ally Identity Measure, Attitude Towards Lesbians and Gays Scale, Attitudes Toward Transgendered Individuals Scale will be used as data collection forms. Inclusion Criteria: * Be a student of the faculty of nursing * No barriers to accessing technology for participation in the online training program * Absence of a communication barrier related to vision and hearing Exclusion Criteria: * leaving the nursing faculty for various reasons * have received training on sexual minorities
New Nasal Applicator / New Formulation - User Study A Multi-center, Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety, and Functionality of a New Nasal Device With Reformulated Rhinocort Aqua (Budesonide) Versus the Current Product and Versus Placebo in Subjects With Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis (SAR). The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of once daily dosing with Rhinocort Aqua (new formulation) against Rhinocort Aqua (current formulation) and placebo in reliving the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). Inclusion Criteria: * In the opinion of the investigator, is a candidate for treatment with nasal steroids based on a history of either a) inadequate control of symptoms with antihistamines, decongestants and/or immunotherapy, or b) prior successful treatment with nasal steroids. * A documented history of at least one year of seasonal allergic rhinitis. * A positive response to a skin prick test for grass allergens that must be present in the subject's environment throughout the study. Exclusion Criteria: * Primary or secondary adrenal insufficiency * Nasal candidiasis, rhinitis medicamentosa, acute or chronic sinusitis, influenza, upper respiratory tract infection or structural abnormalities of the nose (e.g., septal deviation, nasal polyps) symptomatic enough to cause significant nasal obstruction as judged by the investigator. * A diagnosis of asthma requiring treatment as specified in the protocol.
Effect of 80-mg Atorvastatin on Myocardial Edema Effect of 80-mg Atorvastatin on Myocardial Edema Following Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery in Relation With Follistatin-Like Protein-1 The purpose of this study is to determine whether atorvastatin 80mg can reduce the development of myocardial edema following coronary artery bypass surgery. This study also want to determine: 1. whether atorvastatin 80mg can influence Follistatin-like 1 (FSTL1) plasma level following bypass surgery? 2. whether there is correlation between myocardial edema and FSTL1 plasma level? 3. the efficacy of atorvastatin 80mg compared to atorvastatin 10mg in reducing hs-CRP (high sensitive-C reactive protein) and MDA (malondialdehyde) plasma level following bypass surgery? 4. the efficacy of atorvastatin 80mg compared to atorvastatin 10mg in raising PKA and PKB plasma level following bypass surgery? This study is an double blinded experimental study using parallel design. Study subjects are patients in Harapan Kita hospital who are registered to CABG (Coronary Artery Bypass Graft) surgery and fulfill all the eligibility criteria. The subjects will be first consecutively selected, with male age 40-65 as the criteria. After that the investigators do the randomization with block randomization method. All the subjects will be given drug with label A and label B (only the pharmacist know the which dose of atorvastatin belong to which label). Total subjects needed for this study are 30 (15 belong to study group and 15 belong to control group) MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) results will be read by two radiologists, and analyzed using cronbach alpha. The results are considered equal if the cronbach \>0,7. If it is proven to be unequal, then the third radiologist will decide. Statin is known to have several adverse effects, such as myopathy, myositis to rhabdomyolysis, elevated liver enzyme, memory loss, GI (gastrointestinal) disturbance, and severa others. Therefore, the investigators will check baseline CK (creatine kinase) and liver enzyme at the beginning of the study, before the surgery, and if the patient feel any symptoms. Statin will be stopped if patient decide to stop, or if there is increase in ALT (alanine aminotransferase) higher that three time upper normal value, or if there is increase in CK higher than ten times upper normal value. Statistical analysis using IBM SPSS statistics version 21.0. Comparative analysis for variables such as smoking history, obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, family history, infarct history, ACE-I/ARB (angiotensin converting enzyme inihibitor /angiotensin receptor blocker) therapy will be using chi-square or fischer. Comparative analysis for variables T2 relaxation time, FSTL1, hs-CRP, PKA (protein kinase A), PKB (Protein Kinase B), MDA, age, CPB (Cardiopulmonary Bypass) time, CABG time will using unpaired t-test or Mann-whitney. Correlative analysis between FSTL1 and T2 relaxation time will be using Pearson test. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with coronary artery disease indicated for CABG surgery * has signed informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * high risk EURO (European System for Cardiac Operative Risk Evaluation) score * creatinin value\>2 g/dl * direct bilirubin value \>3 mg/ml * AST/ALT (aspartate transaminase / alanine transaminase) value \>1,5 times UNL (upper normal limit) * high pre-operative CKMB (Creatine Kinase-MB) and troponin * LVEF (Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction) \<45% * concomitant valve disease required surgery * contraindicated for MRI * high degree ventricular arrhytmia * coagulation disorder * COPD (chronic obsructive pulmonary disease) * HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) +, HBV (Hepatitis B Virus)+, HCV (Hepatitis C Virus) + * conduction abnormality, pacemaker * electrolyte or blood gas disturbance * receiving immunosuppressive drug or cytotoxic agent 4 weeks before surgery * receiving macrolide, azole antifungal, fibrate, or protease inhibitor HIV drug
Project to Improve Communication About Serious Illness--Hospital Study: Pragmatic Trial (Trial 1) Using the Electronic Health Record to Identify and Promote Goals-of-Care Communication for Older Patients With Serious Illness The objective of this protocol is to test the effectiveness of a Jumpstart intervention on patient-centered outcomes for patients with chronic illness by ensuring that they receive care that is concordant with their goals over time, and across settings and providers. This study will examine the effect of the EHR-based intervention to improve quality of palliative care for patients 55 years or older with chronic, life-limiting illness with a particular emphasis on Alzheimer's disease and related dementias (ADRD). The specific aims are: 1. To evaluate the effectiveness of a novel EHR-based (electronic health record) clinician Jumpstart guide, compared with usual care, for improving the quality of care; the primary outcome is documentation of a goals-of-care discussion in the period between randomization and 30 days following randomization. Secondary outcomes focus on intensity of care: ICU use, ICU and hospital length of stay, costs of care during the hospitalization, and 7 and 30-day hospital readmissions. 2. To conduct a mixed-methods evaluation of the implementation of the intervention, guided by the RE-AIM framework for implementation science, incorporating quantitative evaluation of the intervention's reach and adoption, as well as qualitative analyses of interviews with participants, to explore barriers and facilitators to future implementation and dissemination. OVERVIEW: This is a large pragmatic trial of the Jumpstart intervention designed to promote goals-of-care discussions for older, seriously ill, hospitalized patients. The trial recruits consecutively eligible patients from three UW Medicine hospitals. The Jumpstart Guide is a communication-priming intervention that addresses hospitalized patients' goals of care. It includes information, drawn from the electronic health record (EHR), identifying the dates and locations of prior advance care planning documents (e.g. living wills, healthcare directives, durable power of attorney for healthcare, and Physician Orders for Life Sustaining Treatments (POLST)) and patients' code status. This information is provided by email to patients' clinicians. The Jumpstart Guide includes tips to improve this communication. The trial will assess the effectiveness of the EHR-based clinician Jumpstart as compared with usual care. This current study is "Trial 1" of the R01 Award funding this trial. Trial 2 was initiated following the completion of recruitment for Trial 1. SPECIFIC AIM 1 (for Trial 1): Evaluate the efficacy of the EHR-based clinician Jumpstart compared to usual care for improving quality of care. TRIAL 1 has three components. Component 1- Subject Identification/Recruitment/Randomization: The investigators will use automated methods with EHR data, including natural language processing/machine learning (NLP/ML) approaches, to identify hospitalized patients with serious illness during the first 2-3 days of this specific admission. Screening reports will be produced daily and include all likely eligible patients. Study staff will use these daily screening reports to review individual records of eligible patients for inclusion and exclusion criteria (i.e. verify eligibility). Patients will not be approached for consent. Eligible patients will be assigned to intervention or comparator in a 1:1 ratio. Patients are randomized using variable size blocks and stratified for hospital and ADRD vs. no ADRD. Component 2- EHR-based Clinician Jumpstart Guide: The Jumpstart guide is developed by applying NLP/ML algorithms to both inpatient and outpatient EHR notes (e.g., progress notes, specialty consult notes, alerts and care plans) preceding the current hospitalization. It summarizes the presence/absence of POLST, advance directives and DPOA (durable power of attorney) documentation and the patients' code status. It also provides general recommendations to initiating goals of care discussions. Jumpstart guides are prepared for the intervention group only. Component 3- Delivery of the intervention: For the intervention group, the investigators deliver the Jumpstart guide to the primary hospital team (attending and resident physicians and advanced practice providers) via secure email. The Jumpstart guides are delivered within 1 business day of patient randomization. Study staff monitor the care team of the patient, and if there are any changes, ensure that any new providers receive the Jumpstart guide as well. Comparator: The hospital teams for patients in the control group do not receive Jumpstart guides. Outcome Assessment. Outcomes are obtained from the EHR and use, in part, NLP/ML methods. The primary outcome is EHR documentation of goals-of-care discussions in the 30 days following randomization. Secondary outcomes are measures of intensity of care, including utilization metrics (i.e., ICU admissions, ICU and hospital lengths of stay, 30-day hospital readmissions), costs of care during hospital admission, and estimated costs of implementing the intervention. SPECIFIC AIM 2 (Trial 1): Evaluate implementation of the Jumpstart Guide and identify barriers and facilitators to future implementation. Qualitative evaluation: Clinician recruitment: Study staff will recruit clinicians who were involved with the study to participate in a short interview after the clinician's study involvement with the enrolled patient has ended. Clinician participants will be selected using purposive sampling to ensure a diverse group (e.g., age, race/ethnicity, gender, specialty, year of training). Interview: Using an interview guide developed specifically for this project, interviewers will assess respondents' experience with the intervention and gather suggestions for ways to improve the intervention's content, delivery and implementation, including implementation outcomes (e.g., acceptability, fidelity, penetration, maintenance) that will guide future dissemination of the intervention. Assessment: Interviews are audio recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using thematic analytic methods. Quantitative evaluation: Quantitative evaluation for Specific Aim 2 will be guided by the RE-AIM framework. We will evaluate the intervention's: 1) Reach (% of all identified eligible clinicians, patients and families that participated in the study); 2) Adoption (% of eligible services that participated); and 3) Implementation (the proportion of HTML Jumpstart Guides that were opened by a clinician, proportion of patients for whom an HTML JS guide was sent and for whom a JS was opened by a clinician). Eligibility criteria apply to two subject groups: 1) seriously ill adult patients; 2) hospital clinicians. Inclusion Criteria: * PATIENTS. Eligible patients will be those who are: 1) older than 80 years of age; or 2) 55 years of age or older who meet criteria for serious illness. Serious illness encompasses acute illness (e.g. COVID-19) and chronic illnesses (e.g. those included in the Dartmouth Atlas to study end-of-life care: malignant cancer/leukemia, chronic pulmonary disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, chronic liver disease, chronic renal disease, dementia, diabetes with end-organ damage, and peripheral vascular disease). * CLINICIANS (Interview). Eligible clinicians will be those who are 18 years of age or older, English-speaking, employed at a participating hospital, and have been the clinician of record for an enrolled patient in the trial. Exclusion Criteria: * Reasons for exclusion for any patient include: restricted status (prisoners or victims of violence); legal or risk management concerns (as determined by the attending physician or via hospital record designation).
Diabetes/ Endocrine Surveillance in SDS Endocrine Diabetes Screening in Patients With Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome DIABETES/ ENDOCRINE SURVEILLANCE IN SDS Shwachman-Diamond syndrome(SDS) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder involving primarily the Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome gene located on chromosome 7q11. The gene effects function of the 60S ribosome by interfering with the function of the Guanasine triphosphatase elongation factor 1 in the release of eukaryotic initiation factor 6 from the 60 S ribosomal subunit for translation initiation. Seventy five percent of the individual affected by the syndrome have a biallelic mutation (258+2T\>C and 183-184T \> CT). The syndrome results in defects primarily in the pancreas and bone marrow resulting in pancreatic insufficiency, leukopenia with an increased risk of infection and an increased risk for acute myelocytic leukemia. Animal models that have knocked out the function of the SBDS gene in the pancreas reveals at the pancreas at birth as well as the insulin producing cells in the pancreas are normal but subsequently developed fatty infiltration and apoptosis without inflammation resulting in pancreatic exocrine insufficiency with initially normal endocrine pancreatic function. The endocrine pancreatic function declines over time such that by 12 months of age these mice show a phenotype of impaired glucose tolerance. The finding of early onset diabetes is not yet considered a manifestation of this genetic defect but likely is occurring. This study is designed to assist in understanding the prevalence of glucose abnormalities in this syndrome. Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency leading to diabetes is a common hallmark of cystic fibrosis and cystic fibrosis related diabetes. Prevalence of glucose abnormalities in diabetes is a approaching 50% by the 2nd and 3rd decade of life in this disorder. The cystic fibrosis Foundation recommend screening for diabetes utilizing an oral glucose tolerance by the age of 10. Early diagnosis of diabetes in the syndrome as resulted in improved outcomes for patients with cystic fibrosis. It is my expectation that the prevalence of diabetes will be similar in SBDS patients. A small study performed I had the University of Cincinnati showed glucose abnormalities to occur in 5/20 individuals with the classic mutation. Investigators propose to screen patients with the classic mutation for diabetes and endocrine disease utilizing continuous glucose monitoring over a 14 day period in addition to baseline fasting blood tests for insulin, GAD 65 antibody, Fructosamine, A1c and C peptide. The purpose of the study is to learn about how common early onset diabetes and other endocrine issues occur in people who have been diagnosed with SDS. Study procedures include: For participants with SDS: obtaining informed consent/assent; obtaining medical \& medication history, including history of diabetes, review of medical records and lab results for confirmation of diagnosis and inclusion/exclusion assessment; performance of a standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to be performed at a center close to the participants home, a modified oral glucose tolerance test and a modified mixed meal tolerance test to be performed by participant at home with phone access to study staff for directions, blood draws performed at a local lab or local physician office or other medical center in close proximity to the participants home. Completion of on-line, or in the case of no computer access - paper, questionnaires completed by the participant/parent to collect medical and health history, parents/siblings will be asked to complete a health history, 3 day food diary completed by participant/parent; phone calls; wearing of blinded continuous glucose monitoring device for 14 days; medical records release, 3-day diet diary; Additional optional biological specimens to look at cell free DNA and future biomarkers of endoplasmic reticulum stress in the beta cells of the pancreas will be obtained and stored for future study Parent(s) and/or siblings if willing and consented, will complete on-line medical history questionnaire and provide medical record release. Data to be obtained from on-going study for subjects with Cystic Fibrosis Inclusion Criteria: Population 1: SDS and non-diabetic * Age: 3 years of age and older to allow for baseline blood to be drawn. The Cystic Fibrosis group has seen glucose abnormalities well before age 10 but recommends screening after age 10. Investigators are attempting to define the population and will screen starting at age 3 to get a baseline data set. * Willing to provide consent/ assent * Stable health in the last month- i.e. not hospitalized/ ill in the last 6 weeks * Patients should have been on stable medications for at least 4 weeks prior to testing - This includes neupogen and other white cell stimulators. * Classic SBDS mutation with pancreatic insufficiency as determined by medical history. * Able/willing to have a standard OGTT and modified OGTT * Able/ willing to wear a Libre- Pro sensor and have sensor returned. If not willing to wear CGM- willing to do a standard OGTT as described. * Not currently on diabetic therapy or labeled as diabetic. * Willing to complete a health survey in regard to the SBDS and endocrine History Population 2: SDS and Labeled as diabetic * Age greater than 3 * If labeled as diabetic - obtain data for age of onset and treatment utilized for the diabetes * Willing to provide consent/ assent and complete health survey for SBDS and endocrine history * Willing/able to wear 14 day blinded Libre-Pro to assess the response to current therapy and food diary. * Willing to provide Fasting labs as outlined above for the group- no OGT, just the mixed meal tolerance test Population 1 and 2 Future Sub-study: Assess alpha cell and insulin dynamic response * Participant in primary study who agree to the sub-study * Willing to travel to St. Louis for clamp procedure. * Budget will determine the actual number to be screened. * Travel will be included. Population 3: Control groups * Other control groups for the study will be age matched population norms, Cystic Fibrosis patients associated pancreatic insufficiency known or treated diabetes.
Energy Balance for Prostate Cancer Survivorship Energy Balance for Prostate Cancer Survivorship The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of a weight management program for men undergoing a prostatectomy by seeing if the program is easy to follow, impacts weight gain, and reduces risk of cancer recurrence in the participants. The weight management program is designed to help participants lose weight before their prostatectomy and to help them maintain that weight loss after surgery. There are four main components to the weight management program. The four components of the program are: 1. Diet 2. Physical activity 3. Coaching 4. Diet and exercise monitoring tool The program will be tailored to each individual participant. All participants will be ask to monitor their program using a tool provided by the study team. Participants will be actively participating in the study activities for about 5 months. After that, the study team will review medical records for up to 10 years after enrollment to monitor weight changes and cancer status. Inclusion Criteria: * Men newly diagnosed with prostate cancer who are scheduled for prostatectomy (Stage T1 or T2) * Body Mass Index (BMI) 25-45 kg/m2 * Have internet access * Have an iPad/iPhone/iDevice Exclusion Criteria: * History of 5 alpha reductase inhibitors prior 3 months * History of radiation therapy * Taking active cancer treatment * Undergoing salvage therapy * Castration-resistant prostate cancer * Evidence of metastasis * Evidence of biochemical recurrence * High risk medical condition (e.g. gout or kidney disease)
ENGOT-cx1/BGOG-cx1: 3 Weekly Carboplatin/Paclitaxel With or Without Nintedanib in Cervix Cancer BGOG-cx1/ENGOT-cx1: "Randomized Double-blind Phase II Study Comparing 3-weekly Carboplatin + Paclitaxel With or Without Concomitant and Maintenance Nintedanib (NINTEDANIB) in Advanced or Recurrent Cervical Carcinoma." Indication: Treatment of subjects with advanced (FIGO stage IVB) or recurrent cervical cancer, prior radiochemotherapy or neo-adjuvant chemotherapy is allowed. Study design: This is a phase II randomized, double blind and placebo controlled trial evaluating the efficacy of Nintedanib/placebo in combination with the standard carboplatin and paclitaxel followed by Nintedanib/placebo maintenance in the treatment of patients with advanced or recurrent cervical cancer. A total of 120 patients will be randomized between the experimental and control arm in a 1:1 ratio. Randomization will be stratified for 1previous chemotherapy for metastatic disease (yes/no) and 2disease status (Stage IVB primary versus recurrent disease). Experimental arm: Subjects will receive 6 cycles of 3-weekly carboplatin (AUC 5) + paclitaxel (175 mg/m2) and Nintedanib 200 mg BID followed by Nintedanib maintenance until progression or for a total maximum duration of 120 weeks. Control arm: Subjects will receive 6 cycles of 3-weekly carboplatin (AUC 5) + paclitaxel (175 mg/m2) and placebo 200 mg BID followed by placebo maintenance until progression or for a total maximum duration of 120 weeks. Subjects without evidence of disease progression after completion or discontinuation of the study treatment will be followed until radiographic disease progression, withdrawal of consent or death. Inclusion Criteria: * Female subjects more than 18 years of age * Histologically or cytologically confirmed advanced (\[FIGO\] stage IVB), or recurrent/persistent squamous cell carcinoma, adenosquamous carcinoma, or adenocarcinoma of the cervix will be eligible. * Prior treatment with angiogenesis inhibitors is allowed * Up to one prior line of chemotherapy for metastatic cervical cancer is allowed. * Treatment of primary disease with concomitant cisplatinum chemotherapy during radiotherapy is allowed and does not count as a line of chemotherapy for metastatic disease. * Treatment of primary disease with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before radical local surgery is allowed and does not count as a line of chemotherapy for metastatic disease. * Treatment of primary disease with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before radical local surgery followed by adjuvant radiochemotherapy is allowed and does not count as a line of chemotherapy for metastatic disease. * Treatment of primary disease with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before radical local surgery followed by adjuvant radiotherapy is allowed and does not count as a line of chemotherapy for metastatic disease. * Life expectancy at least 3 months. * ECOG Performance status score of 0 or 1 * At least one measurable lesion according to RECIST 1.1 criteria * Signed and dated written informed consent prior to admission to the study in accordance with ICH-GCP guidelines and to the local legislation Exclusion Criteria: * Known hypersensitivity to the trial drugs or to their excipients (including peanut or soya). * Brain or leptomeningeal metastases. * Centrally located tumors with radiographic evidence (CT or MRI) of local invasion of major blood vessels. * Tumor infiltrating the mucosa of the bowel or bladder, or known fistulas between the tumor and the gastrointestinal or urinary tract. * Radiographic evidence of cavitary or necrotic tumours * Treatment with other investigational drugs or treatment in another clinical trial within the past 4 weeks before start of therapy or concomitantly with the trial. * Therapeutic anticoagulation with drugs requiring INR monitoring (except low-dose heparin and/or heparin flush as needed for maintenance of an in-dwelling intravenous devise) or anti-platelet therapy (except for low-dose therapy with acetylsalicylic acid \<325 mg per day). * Major injuries within the past 4 weeks prior to start of study treatment with incomplete wound healing and/or planned surgery during the on-treatment study period. * History of clinically significant haemorrhagic or thromboembolic event in the past 6 months. * Known inherited predisposition to bleeding or thrombosis. * Significant cardiovascular diseases ( i.e. uncontrolled hypertension, unstable angina within the past 6 months, history of infarction within the past 12 months prior to start of study treatment, congestive heart failure \> NYHA II, serious cardiac arrhythmia, pericardial effusion). * History of a cerebral vascular accident, transient ischemic attack or subarachnoid haemorrhage within the past 6 months. * Abnormal renal, liver or bone marrow function defined as: * Proteinuria CTCAE grade 2 or greater * Creatinin \> 2 ULN or GFR \< 30 ml/min * Hepatic function: total bilirubin outside of normal limits; ALT or AST \> 1.5 ULN in pts without liver metastasis. For Pts with liver metastases: total bilirubin outside of normal limits, ALT or AST \> 2.5 ULN * Coagulation parameters: International normalised ratio (INR) \> 2, prothrombin time (PT) and partial thromboplastin time (PTT) \> 50% of deviation of institutional ULN * Absolute neutrophil count ( ANC) \< 1500/µl, platelets \< 100000/µl, haemoglobin \< 9.0 g/dl * Other malignancies within the past 3 years or other malignancy with recurrence in the past 3 years or with high risk of recurrence in the first year. In exception to this rule, the following malignancies may be included: non-melanomatous skin cancer (if adequately treated) , any premalignant (e.g. in situ) carcinoma, or basocellular carcinoma. * Active serious infections in particular if requiring systemic antibiotic or antimicrobial therapy. * Active or chronic hepatitis C and/or B infection or known HIV infection (based on medical file, only for Italy a mandatory screening test for HIV should be performed for all patients who did not have this test within the last 3 months before the study treatment start). * Gastrointestinal disorders or abnormalities that would interfere with absorption of the study drug. * Serious illness or concomitant non-oncological disease such as neurologic, psychiatric, infectious disease or active ulcers (gastro-intestinal tract, skin) or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or study drug administration and in the judgment of the investigator would make the patient inappropriate for entry into the study. * Patients of child-bearing potential who are sexually active and unwilling to use a medically acceptable method of contraception (e.g. such as implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, some intrauterine devices or vasectomized partner or sexual abstinence for participating females) during the trial and for at least three months after end of active therapy. * Pregnancy or breast feeding, female patients must have a negative pregnancy test (β-HCG test in urine or serum) prior to commencing study treatment, if applicable. * Psychological, familial, sociological or geographical factors potentially hampering compliance with the study protocol and follow-up schedule. * Active alcohol or drug abuse.
Influenza Immunization of Children in India Influenza Immunization of Children in India Influenza viruses are significant causes of human illness and death in developed and developing countries. This study will measure the ability of influenza vaccine given to children in India to protect both the children and unimmunized persons around them from influenza. It will also determine whether the best time to immunize in a country like India that has both summer and winter outbreaks of influenza is in the fall, as is done now, or whether immunization should be in the spring to protect against influenza infections in the summer. Although influenza vaccines are used routinely in the United States, including in young children, influenza vaccines have not seen widespread use in India. This is likely contributed to by the lack of information from India about disease burden due to influenza and because influenza vaccines have not been tested for efficacy in India. In addition, because young children are thought to be important in the spread of influenza in families, it is possible immunization of children against influenza will reduce influenza infections among older children and adults in the home. The study described here is an extension of an earlier study (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00934245) that tested the use of immunization against influenza in the fall. The current study will administer influenza vaccine in the spring prior to the summer monsoon rains that are associated with peaks of influenza activity in parts of India. Reduction of influenza infections among the influenza immunized children and their household members will be compared to the children and household members in the control vaccine group. Inclusion Criteria: Inclusion in either vaccine group (TIV or IPV) will require ages 6 months through 10 years of age. All individuals in enrolled households will be eligible for enrollment into surveillance arm. Exclusion Criteria: Exclusion criteria from the vaccine groups includes known allergy to eggs, or hypersensitivity to other components of the vaccines.
Quantifying Myofascial Dysfunction in Post-Stroke Pain Developing Quantitative Imaging and Other Relevant Biomarkers of Myofascial Tissues for Clinical Pain Management The purpose of this study is to quantify the extent of GlycosAminoGlycan/Hyaluronic Acid (GAG/HA) accumulation using T1rho (T1ρ) MRI in the paretic versus non-paretic shoulder rotator muscles, and correlate the T1ρ Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) measurements with US echo texture measurements to develop a clinic-friendly tool to infer the extent of HA accumulation; and to distinguish between latent versus active Post Stroke Shoulder Pain (PSSP) using ultrasound (US) shear strain mapping of the same muscles on the paretic side compared with the non-paretic side. Shoulder pain is extremely common after stroke and occurs in 30-70% of patients. Chronic post stroke shoulder pain (PSSP) contributes to depression, interferes with motor recovery, and decreases quality of life. Although PSSP is thought to be caused by damage to the myofascial tissues around the shoulder joint, the pathophysiology of myofascial dysfunction and pain in PSSP has not been elucidated, leading to missed opportunities for early diagnosis, and variable success with pain management. The accumulation of HA in muscle and its fascia can cause myofascial dysfunction. HA is a GAG and a chief constituent of the extracellular matrix of muscle. In physiologic quantities, it functions as a lubricant and a viscoelastic shock absorber, enabling force transmission during muscle contraction and stretch. Reduced joint mobility and spasticity can result in focal accumulation and alteration of HA in muscle, leading to the development of taut bands, dysfunctional gliding of deep fascia and muscle layers, Reduced Range of Motion (ROM), and pain. Muscle HA concentrations can be imaged using T1ρ MRI, and myofascial dysfunction can be assessed using echo texture analysis and shear strain mapping on quantitative US, which may serve as useful biomarkers to elucidate the pathophysiology of myofascial dysfunction in PSSP. Inclusion Criteria: * 18 years or older * Hemiparesis from Ischemic or Hemorrhagic Stroke * 4-120 months post-stroke with Hemiparesis since the incidence and intensity of PSSP * Show a difference of more than 10 degrees of passive ER-ROM between non-paretic and paretic shoulders with or without pain * Able to provide informed consent and comply with testing protocols Exclusion Criteria: * Received treatment for spasticity with Botulinum Toxin or Intrathecal Baclofen within the past three months * Have another neurologic condition that may affect motor response (e.g. Parkinson's disease, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), Multiple Sclerosis (MS)) * Have a contraindication to MRI (claustrophobia, magnetic pacemakers and clips) * Have non-musculoskeletal PSSP such as only central pain or Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) * Have a complicated medical condition, or significant injury to either upper limb.
Lovaza® and Microvascular Function in Type 2 Diabetes The Role of Lovaza® on Microvascular Function and Lipoprotein Profile in Type 2 Diabetes The objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of 6 months of 4 g/day oral Lovaza® on endothelial-dependent and heat-induced vasodilation in type 2 diabetics with neuropathy and elevated triglyceride levels. Omega-3 fatty acids appear to exert beneficial effects on vascular function that are independent of the changes in serum triglycerides. The efficacy will be compared with a placebo given at the same duration. Efficacy of the drug will be evaluated after 3 and 6 months of treatment. This timeline should be adequate for evaluation of the primary neurophysiological endpoints. Previously, the investigators have demonstrated that it is feasible to pharmacologically alter nerve fiber density in as little as 18 weeks and that this correlates with subjective and objective measures of neurovascular function. The investigators are predicting an enhancement of post-ischemic hyperemia of the foot dorsum, where the dilative mechanism is primarily endothelium-dependent and a similar improvement in heat-induced hyperemia. This pilot study is a within-subject repeated measures design. This study will compare the neurophysiological and vascular responses to placebo and treatment with Lovaza® (omega-3-acid ethyl esters, Reliant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) in subjects with type 2 diabetes, neuropathy, and dyslipidemia. Lovaza's potential mechanism of action is the inhibition of acyl Coenzyme A:1, 2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase and increased peroxisomal β-oxidation in the liver. Subjects will be recruited and a baseline of physiological, neurological and hematological profile established for each patient. Forty-four subjects (20 in the active arm, 20 in the placebo arm, and 2 replacements for each arm) will receive 4 g/day Lovaza® tablets or placebo for a period of 6 months. All subjects will receive a physical and neurological exam as well as neurovascular function testing. This includes nerve conduction studies, quantitative sensory testing, quantitative autonomic testing, and skin blood flow testing, which includes, ischemia reperfusion. Lab tests include an insulin resistance profile, hepatic and renal function profiles, lipid profile, C-reactive protein, thyroid stimulating hormone, and fatty acids. Other tests include inflammatory markers such as adiponectin and tumor necrosis factor-α. The study is powered to detect differences in microvascular function after 6 months of Lovaza® and differences in ethnic responses. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Subjects may be males or non-pregnant, non-lactating females age 18-80 years. 2. Subjects must have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus according to the current ADA criteria. 3. Triglyceride levels above 149 mg/dL 4. Minimum of 2 years after diagnosis of type 2 diabetes 5. Prior to participation in this study, each subject must sign an informed consent document. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Presence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (defined as C-peptide \< 1 ng/ml or diabetes onset at \< 35 years of age in a non-obese patient). 2. Presence of diabetic retinopathy that is more severe than "background" level. 3. Presence of diabetic nephropathy, defined by urine dipstick results greater than 300 mg/100 mL for protein (proteinuria). 4. Presence of clinically significant neuropathy that is clearly of non-diabetic origin, e.g. alcoholic or autoimmune. 5. Bilateral amputation of lower extremities or foot ulcers involving the great toes. Presence of neuroarthropathy (Charcot deformity) is allowable. 6. History of major macrovascular events such as myocardial infarction or stroke. 7. Participation in another clinical trial concurrently or within 30 days prior to entry into this study. 8. The use of ACE-inhibiting agents or angiotensin receptor blockade therapy (ARB) is allowed but must have been stable for at least 30 days prior to study entry and may not change during the course of the study. This is prudent due to their potential effects on blood flow. 9. Patients with moderate or severe hepatic insufficiency or abnormalities of liver function defined as any liver enzymes (aspartate aminotransferase,alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase) greater than 3 times the upper limit of normal. 10. Presence of pedal edema. 11. Presence or history of heart failure New York Heart Association Class II or greater. 12. Other serious medical conditions that in the opinion of the investigator, would compromise the subject's participation in the study. 13. Concomitant use of medications known to exacerbate triglyceride levels, such as estrogens.
Assessment of Bronchial Obstruction in Adolescents With HIV Assessment of Bronchial Obstruction in Adolescents With HIV In children, data from the literature find a higher prevalence of asthma in the population treated for HIV. Bronchial hyperreactivity, indicative of chronic inflammation and bronchial obstruction, is also present. Screening for early peripheral obstruction could therefore make it possible to initiate appropriate anti-inflammatory treatment, if necessary, and early preventive management. In adults chronically infected with HIV, there is an increased prevalence impaired respiratory function, with a greater occurrence of COPD than in the uninfected population. In children, data from the literature find a prevalence of greater atopy in the HIV-infected pediatric population. Furthermore, a bronchial hyperreactivity or even peripheral bronchial obstruction, indicative of a local chronic inflammation has been found in young adolescents treated since the birth for HIV infection in utero. Screening for early peripheral obstruction in HIV-infected adolescents could therefore make it possible to initiate, if necessary, a anti-inflammatory treatment, and early management to prevent the occurrence of impaired respiratory function in adulthood For this this single-center prospective study chose to perform respiratory function explorations with forced oscillometry with the Endpoint main factor of the peripheral obstruction the R5HZ parameter expressed in % predicted. Patients from 11 to 25 years to whom it was proposed added to that to answer a questionnaire of respiratory quality of life Inclusion Criteria: * Children over 11 and Under 25-year-old infected with HIV and on antiretrovirals and followed up at Robert Debré hospital for this pathology * Consent of the holders of parental authority and Patients informed and not objecting to participate in research Exclusion Criteria : • * Age ≤ 11 years old * Not treated for HIV * Patients under guardianship / curatorship
Evaluating a Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Between Metformin Hydrochloride and Rosuvastatin Calcium Randomized, Open Label, Multiple-Dose, 6-sequence, 3-period, Crossover Study to Evaluate a Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Between Metformin Hydrochloride and Rosuvastatin Calcium in Healthy Male Subjects We investigate the potential pharmacokinetic drug-drug interaction between metformin extended release and rosuvastatin in healthy male volunteers who receive metformin extended release alone, rosuvastatin alone, and both together in a 3 period repeatedly. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Healthy male volunteers, age 20 to 55 years. 2. The result of Body Mass Index(BMI) is not less than 19 kg/m2 , no more than 27 kg/m2 3. Subjects who have ability to comprehend the objectives, contents of study and property of study drug before participating in trial and have willingness to sign of informed consent in writing Exclusion Criteria: 1. Presence of medical history or a concurrent disease that may interfere with treatment and safety assessment or completion of this clinical study, including clinically significant disorders in kidney, liver, cardiovascular system, respiratory system, endocrine system, or neuropsychiatric system. 2. Glomerular filtration rate is under 60ml/min which is calculated by serum creatinine value. 3. Liver enzyme (AST, ALT) level exceeds one and a half times more than maximum normal range. 4. Systolic blood pressure \<90mmHg or Diastolic blood pressure \< 60 mmHg, systolic blood pressure ≥ 140 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure ≥ 90 mmHg(Sitting blood pressure) during the screening procedure.
A Prospective, Multi-centric Observational Study to Determine the Mono-bifollicular Development in Infertile Women Subjected to Ovulation Induction With Follitropin α Prospective Multi-centre Observational Study to Determine the Mono-bifollicular Development in Infertile Women Subjected to Ovulation Induction With Follitropin α This is a prospective and multicentric observational study to determine the real mono-bifollicular development rate that is obtained under normal care conditions following ovulation induction (OI) treatment with follitropin-alpha filled by mass prescribed in accordance with standard practice. In women with infertility due to anovulation, the main purpose of ovulation induction (OI) consists in inducing the mono or bifollicular and the subsequent ovulation in order to achieve pregnancy. The availability of recombinant gonadotropins obtained using genetically engineered techniques has meant a decisive and clear pharmacological advancement. Use of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH) offers a greater effectiveness (greater number of follicles/ ovocytes and a higher pregnancy rate) and efficiency (fewer number of blisters, fewer stimulation days; fewer number of cancellations and complications) in programmed coitus and artificial insemination like in-vitro fertilisation (IVF)/intra cytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) techniques. Further advances in obtaining better products for ovarian stimulation has led to production of a recombinant FSH (follitropin alpha) filled by mass preparation. This hormone becomes the most consistent and precise gonadotropin due to improvements in its quantification process. Today, despite having accurate and modern tools for ovulation induction, in daily practice, doctors continue to "fight" against two old problems of assisted reproduction: multiple pregnancies and ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS). Application of assisted reproduction techniques (ARTs) and the use of medication that induce ovulation, risk producing gestations and multiple births with a higher frequency than those observed in spontaneous gestations. One of the facts that result in the appearance of such problems is the high incidence of polycystic ovarian syndrome among the population of women who are infertile due to anovulation. These subjects are especially sensitive to ovarian stimulation, which leads to multiple follicular development, a higher risk of hyperstimulation and higher rates of multiple pregnancies. Therefore, it seems clear that the search for developing mono or bifollicular cycles is important in ovarian induction cycles, for the purpose of preventing the above mentioned multiple pregnancy problems and the risk of OHSS. The intent of this study was to figure out the real mono-bifollicular development rate that is obtained under normal care conditions following OI treatment with follitropin alpha filled by mass prescribed in accordance with standard practice. Therefore, a measure of the efficiency of the product for achieving the development of one or two follicles. Data was collected from 56 centres of the Autonomous Communities that accepted this observational study, until achieving a total of 410 ovulation induction cycles. OBJECTIVES Primary objective: * To find the real proportion of cycles with mono-bifollicular development during the provision of care involving OI with follitropin alpha filled by mass Secondary objectives: * To evaluate if the use of follitropin alpha filled by mass has other clinical benefits such as a reduction in the number of cancelled cycles, of the dosage and time required and adverse effects Inclusion Criteria: * Premenopausal women with infertility caused by anovulation, who wished to conceive and were included in an ovulation induction (OI) treatment protocol for intrauterine insemination or for programmed coitus Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects with hypersensitivity to follitropin alpha, to FSH or to any of the excipients * Subjects with hypothalamic or pituitary tumours * Subjects with increase in the size of the ovaries or cysts that were not due to polycystic ovary disease * Subjects with gynaecologic haemorrhages of unknown aetiology * Subjects with ovarian, uterine or mammary carcinoma * Subjects with primary ovarian failure * Subjects with malformations of sex organs that were not compatible with pregnancy * Subjects with uterine fibroid tumours that were not compatible with pregnancy
PA Behavior and HRQoL in Parkinson's Disease Patients Patients: Role of Social Cognitive Variables Physical Activity Behavior and Health-Related Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease Patients: Role of Social Cognitive Variables The primary aim of the study will be to examine Social Cognitive Theory (SCT) correlates, of physical activity (PA) participation and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in Parkinson's disease participants. The body of evidence in the physical therapy and rehabilitation literature supports that physical activity is associated with improvements in quality of life for Parkinson's Disease (PD) patients. However, few studies have examined the underlying variables that may account for this relationship in PD patients. Researchers have examined stages of readiness to exercise in PD patients and barriers to exercise and found a strong association between self-efficacy and exercise in PD patients, rather than disability . Researchers suggest that social cognitive theory (SCT) constructs are important correlates of physical activity for PD patients and should be targeted in interventions. A more comprehensive study of SCT correlates - Self-Efficacy (SE), Outcome Expectations (OE), and Self-Regulation (SR) should provide a better understanding of the factors that contribute to physical activity participation and the physical activity / health-related quality of life relationship in PD patients. Inclusion Criteria: 1. English speaking 2. Parkinson's disease diagnosed by a neurologist Exclusion Criteria: 1. Atypical Parkinson's 2. Supranuclear Palsy 3. Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) or other brain surgery 4. Not living independently (living in assisted-living or skilled-nursing facility) 5. Spouse or caregiver responding instead of PD participant
Intramuscular CodaVax-H1N1 in Healthy Adults Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Dose-escalation Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of Intramuscular CodaVax-H1N1 in Healthy Adults This study is a Phase 1, 2-part, randomised, double-blind, controlled, clinical trial to evaluate the safety and immune response of CodaVax-H1N1 in healthy adults aged 18 to 49 years. Participants will be enrolled in autumn 2022 (southern hemisphere) and followed through the 2022 influenza season (Part A) or enrolled in autumn 2023 and followed through the 2023 influenza season (Part B). Participants will be screened within 28 days of randomization, and eligible participants in Part A will be enrolled into 1 of 3 sequential cohorts and randomised to receive a single dose of CodaVax-H1N1, placebo (normal saline), or licenced injectable seasonal influenza vaccine (Flucelvax Quad). Each subsequent cohort will include a higher dose of CodaVax H1N1 than the previous cohort, in addition to placebo and the licensed injectable seasonal influenza vaccine. In Part B, 24 eligible participants will be enrolled into 1 of 2 sequential cohorts and randomised to receive a single IM dose of CodaVax-H1N1 or placebo. This study is a Phase 1, 2-part, randomised, double-blind, controlled, clinical trial to evaluate the safety and immune response of CodaVax-H1N1 in healthy adults aged 18 to 49 years. Participants will be enrolled in autumn 2022 (southern hemisphere) and followed through the 2022 influenza season (Part A) or enrolled in autumn 2023 and followed through the 2023 influenza season. Participants will be screened within 28 days of randomization, and eligible participants in Part A will be enrolled into 1 of 3 sequential cohorts and randomised to receive a single dose of CodaVax-H1N1, placebo (normal saline), or licensed injectable seasonal influenza vaccine (Flucelvax Quad). Each subsequent cohort will include a higher dose of CodaVax H1N1 than the previous cohort, in addition to placebo and the licensed injectable seasonal influenza vaccine. In Part B, 24 eligible participants will be enrolled into 1 of 2 additional sequential cohorts and randomised to receive a single IM dose of CodaVax-H1N1 or placebo. Participants will record reactogenicity events (local events, systemic events, and temperature) in a daily diary for 7 days after the dose. Each participant will be contacted by telephone on the day after dosing for safety assessment and review of the diary data. Participants will return to the clinic on Days 4, 8, 29, 91, and 181 for safety and immune response assessments. All adverse events and concomitant medications will be recorded from signing of the informed consent form (ICF) to 28 days postdose. After 28 days until the end of the study, only medically attended adverse events (MAAEs), new onset chronic illnesses (NCIs), serious adverse events (SAEs), immunosuppressive medications, blood products like transfusions or infusions, and vaccines will be recorded. A complete physical examination will be performed at Screening, and targeted and symptom-driven physical examinations will be performed predose on Day 1, 2 hours postdose, and at each postdose visit through Day 91. Vital signs will be measured at the same time points. An electrocardiogram (ECG) will be performed at Screening and on Day 29. A serum sample will be collected predose and on Days 29, 91, and 181 for measurement of immune response. A whole blood sample will be collected predose and on Day 8 and PBMCs isolated for measurement of T-cell response. If a participant experiences acute symptoms compatible with viral respiratory infection, nasopharyngeal swab samples will be collected for a rapid influenza diagnostic test and respiratory virus PCR assay panel (including SARS-CoV-2) as indicated for symptomatic respiratory infection and will perform the rapid influenza diagnostic test. The primary analysis of study data will be conducted after all participants complete the Day 29 visit. The final analysis will be conducted at the end of the study. Inclusion Criteria: * Body mass index (BMI) ≥ 18 and ≤ 35 kg/m2 * In good health with no history, or current evidence, of clinically significant medical conditions * Negative SARS-CoV-2 test predose on Day 1 * For all women, negative pregnancy test * Agreement to comply with conditions to prevent the spread of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnant or lactating women or women who plan to become pregnant through Day 29 * Inadequate venous access for repeated phlebotomy * History of severe reaction to vaccination * Receipt of any licenced or investigational influenza vaccine within 6 months before Day 1 * Receipt of any live vaccine within 30 days before Day 1 * Tattoo, skin reaction, or other condition at the injection site that would interfere with assessment of local reactogenicity
Morbimortality in Older Patients Undergoing Urgent Abdominal Surgery Analysis of Morbimortality and Functional Status in Older Patients(>65 Years Old) Undergoing Urgent Abdominal Surgery Using CRISTAL Score Modify Morbimortality in older patients undergoing abdominal surgery. The aim of this study is to validate the modified CriSTAL tool for 30 mortality in elderly patients undergoing urgent abdominal surgery. To provide a new tool that could be used in conjunction with clinical judgment to aid in decision-making. The second objective of our study was to assess the quality of life, frailty, functional status and nutritional status in elderly patients that survive six months after an urgent abdominal surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * \>65 years old, accepted in emergency department Exclusion Criteria: * not sign the consent
Epidemiology Study in Postmenopausal Women With Estrogen Receptor Positive Breast Cancer An Epidemiological, Non-interventional Study to Evaluate Patient Compliance in Postmenopausal Women With Estrogen Receptor Positive Breast Cancer This observational study in estrogen receptor positive early breast cancer patients is aimed to evaluate the patients' compliance to aromatase inhibitor (AI) therapy and to collect country-specific data in estrogen receptor positive early breast cancer patients including data on demography, disease characteristics and disease management. Inclusion Criteria: * Postmenopausal females with estrogen receptor positive breast cancer that are currently treated with aromatase inhibitor (AI) medication * Provision of subject informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * If participating in any clinical trial, the subject cannot take part in this study.
GnRH Agonist Trigger and Modified Luteal Phase Support, Adding a Bolus of GnRHa at the Time of Implantation - a RCT The Impact of a Single Dose of GnRH Agonist (Triptorelin 0,1 mg) at the Time of Implantation on the Reproductive Outcome in IVF Cycles Triggered by a GnRH Agonist Followed by a Small Bolus of HCG the Day of Oocyte Retrieval Purpose:The aim of this project is to prospectively determine whether a single dose of GnRH-agonist administered at the time of implantation increases or not the reproductive outcome in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization ( IVF)/ intracytoplasmatic sperm injection(ICSI) triggered by a GnRH-agonist followed by a small bolus of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG 1500 IU) the day of oocyte retrieval. Acronyms: GnRH: gonadotropin-releasing hormone FSH: follicle stimulating hormone LH: luteinizing hormone HCG:human chorionic gonadotropin IVF:In vitro fertilization ICSI:intracytoplasmatic sperm injection OHSS:ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome OMEGA: oocyte maturation employing GnRH-agonist OPU: ovum pick up NaCl: sodium chloride It has been reported in previous publications that the ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) was eliminated when GnRH agonist was used to trigger ovulation and the delivery rate has improved after modified luteal support especially when a small bolus of hCG is used on the day of oocyte retrieval. (OMEGA/HCG 1500 IU). However, a risk difference of 7% in delivery rates is still in favor of HCG trigger. Thus, further modifications in the luteal phase supplementation are required in order to optimise the reproductive outcome after GnRH-agonist triggering. Recently, many papers showed, that independently of the GnRH analogue used to prevent the premature LH surge, the addition of GnRH-agonist during the luteal phase seems to be beneficial in terms of pregnancy. Nevertheless, their use in practice is not yet admitted because of controversial results in terms of efficacy and safety particularly on the conceptus. Inclusion Criteria: * Female age \< 40 years * Baseline FSH and LH \< 12 IU/l. * Body Mass Index \> 18 and \< 35 kg/m2 * No uterine (fibroids, mullerian malformations), ovarian ( endometrioma) or adnexa (hydrosalpinx) abnormalities * Patients with at least one embryo at transfer time Exclusion Criteria: * Very high risk of OHSS (\> 30 follicles \> 12 mm the day of ovulation triggering). * Reduced ovarian reserve * Fertilization failure * Severe endocrinopathy * Azoospermia
Blue Sky Study: Impact of Milk and Vitamin D for Child Growth and Health Blue Sky Study: Impact of Milk and Vitamin D for Child Growth and Health This intervention study will address the impact of vitamin D fortified milk and vitamin D supplements on the growth, levels of vitamin D, insulin-like growth factor 1, growth hormone, academic attention, respiratory infections, asthma, and flexural dermatitis (a proxy for eczema) of Mongolian children. Inclusion Criteria: * Children in 3rd and 4th grade from selected Mongolian schools. * School selection will consider: * socioeconomic position; * geographic location; * school size; * current lunch or supplementation program; and * the interest and willingness to participate of the school's administration and faculty. Exclusion Criteria: * Allergy to milk or wheat products.
An Evaluation of Routine Developmental Follow-Up in Infants and Children With Congenital Heart Disease An Evaluation of Routine Developmental Follow-Up in Infants and Children With Congenital Heart Disease The purpose of this study is to understand how having a heart problem affects development,quality of life, and family life in young children and their families. Results for children and families with heart disease will be compared to children and families without heart disease. The investigators hope that this information may help us to support children and families better in the future. All children and families that are seen in the HHC Developmental Follow-Up Program will be asked if they would like to take part in this study. It is hypothesized that children with congenital heart disease will demonstrate developmental delays when compared to normative values. Research suggests that children with congenital heart disease are at higher risk for neurodevelopmental and psychosocial problems. Routine developmental screening and early intervention have been suggested as strategies to identify and ameliorate these problems. The purpose of this study is to describe the developmental trajectory and psychosocial functioning of children referred to the Herma Heart Center Developmental Follow-Up Program for routine developmental assessment. The specific aims of this project are: 1. to summarize the results of developmental screening, quality of life, and family impact in subjects that have been evaluated in the HHC Developmental Follow-Up Program since its inception in 2007, 2. to evaluate longitudinal changes in the trajectory of development for subjects that undergo repeated developmental and psychosocial screening, 3. to characterize how subjects with congenital heart disease compare to normative data for the instruments utilized and samples of children with other chronic health conditions, and 4. to determine what factors predict variability in developmental outcomes i.e. demographic and clinical variables such as gender, race, socioeconomic status, diagnosis, type of surgery, and length of hospitalization among others. Because our research and the research of others have indicated that children with Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) are at higher risk for neurodevelopmental and psychosocial problems, the Herma Heart Center Developmental Follow-Up Program was created in 2007. All infants who have open-heart surgery within the first 30 days of life, and all children under the age of 3 years who have a cyanotic lesion are referred to the clinic. This study will utilize both retrospective chart review and prospective collection of data from new subjects entering the program. No additional procedures are required to participate in the research study. Participation in the research study involves granting permission for the research team to systematically analyze the data obtained during the HHC Developmental Follow-Up Program clinic visits that a child participates in and to aggregate these data with all subjects that have received these follow-up assessments. A sample size of 1000 subjects is needed to ensure adequate power to detect medium effect sizes for the multiple outcome measures that are proposed (assuming p = .05 and power = .80). Therefore, recruitment for the study will continue until a sample size of 1000 subjects is reached. Estimated recruitment duration is 7 years. There are no anticipated risks related to participation in this study. Descriptive analyses will be conducted to summarize characteristics of the sample and to determine the frequency of developmental/behavioral/emotional problems among children in the present sample. Correlation and regression analyses will be conducted to examine the relationships among demographic, clinical, and outcome variables. For children with multiple visits, longitudinal changes and the pattern of developmental trajectory for children with congenital heart disease will be examined. Results may point to possible areas for intervention to improve child and family psychosocial outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: * Referred to the Herma Heart Center (HHC)Developmental Follow-Up Clinic for assessment. Exclusion Criteria: * Non-English and Non-Spanish speaking families * Children with extremely complex co-morbidities
Efficacy of Perineural Injection With Dextrose Versus Therapy Conventional Physics in Patients With Bell's Palsy Efficacy of Perineural Injection With Dextrose Versus Therapy Conventional Physics in Patients With Bell's Palsy Bell´s Palsy, a lower motor neuron injury that causes facial asymmetry due to facial weakness ranging from mild to total paralysis. Most of cases without determining a definitive established cause. The only authenticated findings are inflammation and edema of the facial nerve. In Mexico, it is among the first causes of medical attention. In the Mexican Clinical Practice Guide for Bells Palsy, thermotherapy, massage, and active exercises are recommended for its management. Perineural dextrose injection therapy (PIT) is a new treatment for peripheral neuropathy, which consists of injecting 5% buffered dextrose close to nerve pathways to restore nerve function and movement. Objective: Determine the effectiveness of perineural injection with dextrose versus conventional physical therapy for the treatment of patients with Bell´s palsy. Material and methods: Clinical trial, experimental, prolective, longitudinal, comparative and heterodemic. Resources and infrastructure: It will be carried out within the facilities of the Unidad de Medicina Física y Rehabilitación región centro. In human resources, doctors both specialists and residents in Rehabilitation Medicine and physical therapists. In material resources, stationery, for electroneuromyography study, perineural injection therapy, hand hygiene and disinfection, and for conventional rehabilitation therapy. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of dextrose perineural injection therapy while motivating and serving as a foundation for future studies to compare or create alternatives and therapeutic methods tailored to the needs patients, with the goal of improving functionality and aesthetics. * Inclusion Criteria: Patients with Bell\&#39;s Palsy who: * Age 18 years and older. * Both male and female. * Duration of symptoms longer than 6 days. * Apparently healthy, without any associated comorbidities such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, metabolic syndrome, or any neurological disorder. * Grade III (moderate dysfunction), IV (moderate to severe dysfunction), V (severe dysfunction), or VI (total paralysis) according to the House-Brackmann Classification. * Exclusive attention from UMF 2, 3, 4, 6, 11, 16, 29, 34, 35, 42, 94, 120 and the Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Unit in the central region (employers and beneficiaries). * Exclusive attention from the UMF belonging to Mexico City (beneficiaries only). * Patients willing to participate in the study confirmed with signed informed consent. * Exclusion Criteria: * Active smokers. * Patients with central facial paralysis. * Patients with peripheral facial paralysis secondary to tumors or surgical treatment. * Patients experiencing more than second episode of Peripheral Facial Paralysis. * Patients with cognitive and/or mental impairments. * Patients undergoing additional private therapy. * Patients with bilateral facial paralysis. * Pregnant patients. * Patients unwilling to participate in the study. * Patients who have received prior rehabilitation, laser, electrotherapy, or acupuncture. * Elimination Criteria: * Patients who do not attend rehabilitation sessions. * Patients diagnosed with Sars-cov2 infection during the study. * Patients who discontinue treatment. * Patients developing other pathologies requiring special treatment. * Patients wishing to withdraw from the study.
Prolonged Laryngeal Mask Airway ProSealTM Use Prolonged Use of the Laryngeal Mask Airway ProSealTM: a Report of Seven Cases Lasting 5-11 Hours The investigators conclude that use of the LMA ProSealTM for prolonged procedures is feasible. In principle, it should be safer and more effective than the LMA ClassicTM provided basic guidelines are followed. There is controversy concerning use of the classic laryngeal mask airway (LMA ClassicTM) for prolonged procedures, particularly over 2 hours, as some clinicians consider it unsuitable for positive pressure ventilation (needed to counter the alleged progressive respiratory fatigue with time) and/or unsuitable for airway protection (needed to counter the alleged progressive increase in aspiration risk with time). The LMA ProSealTM is a laryngeal mask device with a modified cuff to facilitate ventilation and a drain tube to provide airway protection. In principle, the LMA ProSealTM should be more suitable than the LMA ClassicTM for prolonged procedures; however, there are only four reports and one case series. Inclusion Criteria: * ASA 1 - 3 * Age 19-85 yr * Written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Difficult airway * Non fasted * BMI \> 35
COmpliance and Efficacy in Mono and Combination Tablet Study ATacand/Atacand Plus A Prospective, Non-interventional, Observational, Multi-center Trial to Evaluate Compliance and Efficacy in Mono and Combination Treatment of Candesartan Cilexetil(Atacand)/ Candesartan Cilexetil 16mg, Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5mg(Atacand Plus) in Hypertension To evaluate compliance and patients' satisfaction in mono and combination treatment of Candesartan cilexetil (Atacand)/ Candesartan cilexetil 16mg, hydrochlorothiazide 12.5mg (Atacand plus) in hypertension. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients who have consented to participation/data release in this study 2. Patients diagnosed with hypertension and prescribed with atacand/atacand plus by the physician based on clinical decision Exclusion Criteria: 1. Secondary hypertension requiring therapy other than antihypertensive medication 2. Patients not prescribed with atacand/atacand plus based on safety reasons or any other reason as determined by the physician 3. Women in pregnancy or lactation 4. Patients enrolled in any other studies
A Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Efficacy of CS0159 in Subjects With NASH A Phase II, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of CS0159 in the Treatment of Patients With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) A randomized, double-blind study to assess the safety, tolerability, PK and efficacy of CS0159 in subjects with Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) This will be a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PKs, and efficacy of CS0159 in the treatment of patients with NASH over 12 weeks. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients who meet the diagnosis of NASH. 2. Evidence of metabolic syndrome, except for those patients with biopsy-proven NASH. 3. Body mass index (BMI) \>25 kg/m2, NOTE: for Asian-Americans BMI \>23 kg/m2. 4. Stable use of other antidiabetic, weight loss, or lipid-modifying medications for at least 12 weeks prior to randomization. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Use of other investigational drugs within 5 half-lives of enrollment, or within 30 days, whichever is longer. 2. Previous exposure to farnesoid X receptor (FXR) agonists 3 months prior to the first dosing. 3. Current or within 6 months of screening use of drugs associated with steatosis, including but not limited to eg, methotrexate, amiodarone, high-dose estrogen, tamoxifen, long term systemic steroids, anabolic steroids, valproic acid. 4. Prothrombin time international normalized ratio \>1.3, unless due to therapeutic anticoagulation. 5. Total bilirubin \>upper limit of normal (ULN; except for patients with Gilbert's syndrome with a normal direct bilirubin value and normal reticulocyte count). Platelet count \<140 000/mm³, absolute neutrophil count \<1500 cells/mm3, or total 6. white blood cells \<3000 cells/mm3. 7. Alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) \>5 × ULN, or alkaline phosphatase (ALP) \>1.5 × ULN. 8. Weight changes \>10% in 6 months prior to screening, or weight changes \>5% from the screening MRI-PDFF to randomization or from the time of the diagnostic liver biopsy to randomization, whichever is longer. 9. Poorly controlled hypertension (systolic \>160 mm Hg, or diastolic blood pressure \>100 mm Hg - mean of 3 measurements). 10. Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus (hemoglobin A1c \>10.0% during screening).
Effectivity of Inspiratory Muscle Trainer in the Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Rehabilitation Program Effectivity of Inspiratory Muscle Trainer in the Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Rehabilitation Program This study aimed to reveal the role of inspiratory muscles exercise using Inspiratory Muscle Trainer (IMT), which is a form of weight training. The pre- and post study of this experiment were conducted in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) outpatient clinic during the period of September 2017 until April 2018. Patients were recruited by consecutive sampling. Inclusion criteria were stable COPD patient with The Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) criteria A-D, who has never received prior exercise for pulmonary rehabilitation, and willing to participate in the study. The exclusion criteria included any problem with extremities and cardiovascular disease. Patients underwent an interview about their medical history, tested spirometry using CareFusion®, and the inspiratory muscle strength was assessed using Micro RPM CareFusion®. The St George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) was used to assess the health status and the 6-Minute Walking Test (6MWT) was conducted to assess functional capacity. Subject exercised using inspiratory muscle trainer (Philips Respironic®) for eight weeks. Intervention is given using Inspiratory Muscle Trainer Philips Respironic®. Impact on inspiratory muscles strength, health status, and functional capacity are observed. Muscle strength is evaluated using Micro RPM (Respiratory Pressure Meter) Carefusion®. Health status is evaluated using St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), while functional capacity is evaluated by the 6-Minute Walk Test (6MWT). Patients were recruited by consecutive sampling. This study was granted ethical approval from the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of the Faculty of Medicine Universitas Indonesia Subjects exercised using inspiratory muscle trainer (Philips Respironic®) for 8 weeks. Inspiratory muscles strength (Maximal Inspiratory Pressure, MIP) and 6MWT were done at the beginning for basic data and were re-evaluated during the second, fourth, sixth and eighth week (last week). Questionnaire (SGRQ) was done at the initial and end of research. Training dose with IMT was determined by inspiratory muscle strength result and adjusted in every evaluation visit. The subject was expected to do exercise twice daily for 15 minutes each session with 30-70% intensity from determined MIP score. Exercise is monitored and noted in a logbook. Inclusion Criteria: * stable COPD patient with GOLD criteria A-D, * never got exercise for pulmonary rehabilitation before, * willing to participate in the study by signing the written informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: * any problem with extremities, * cardiovascular disease
Multi-formula Optimization of Second Eye Refinement According to Direction of the Prediction Error of the First Eye Multi-formula Optimization of Second Eye Refinement According to Direction of the Prediction Error of the First Eye Prediction errors for the first (PE1) and second eyes (PE2) were obtained in the intra-ocular lens power calculation for 4 formulae (HofferQ, SRK II, SRK/T and Holladay 1). The optimal correction factor for each formula was determined as the one resulting in the lowest mean absolute error. A similar analysis was performed in the negative and positive PE1 subgroups. Retrospective case series study. A retrospective chart review was conducted, which included demographics (age and gender) and several parameters for both the first and second eyes: surgery date, axial length, keratometric corneal power in 2 meridians, predicted intra-ocular lens (IOL) power recommended for plano target in each formulae (HofferQ, SRK II, SRK/T and Holladay 1), implanted IOL power, predicted post-operative refraction for the implanted IOL for the 4 formulae, observed post-operative refraction in spherical equivalent and post-operative best corrected visual acuity. The prediction error was calculated for the first eye (PE1) as the difference between the observed post-operative refraction in spherical equivalent and the predicted post-operative refraction by the IOL Master for the implanted IOL. This was obtained for the 4 formulae. The prediction error for the second eye (PE2) was obtained in a similar fashion. The optimal partial adjustment for second eye refinement was obtained subtracting a portion of the PE1 from the PE2 (PE2-xPE1, where 0≤x≤1) for the 4 formulae. The optimal correction factor was determined for all formulae by using an array of different proportions of PE1 that were applied to the second eye. The values ranged from 10% to 100%, with increments of 10% each. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients having performed bilateral cataract surgery between 1st October 2012 and 24th April 2014 in a single ophthalmological center (Centro Hospitalar Baixo Vouga, Portugal) Exclusion Criteria: * Inadequate follow-up * Incomplete medical records * Previous or combined ocular surgery * Manual extracapsular cataract extraction and not phacoemulsification * Corneal sutures * Implantation of any other IOL type different from Abbott Tecnis® 1-piece IOL (Abbott Laboratories Inc., Illinois, USA), ZCB00 * IOL implanted in the sulcus * Intra or postoperative complication * Post-operative best corrected visual acuity worse than 5/10 * Corneal astigmatism\>3.00 D
Disease Management in Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes The Effect of the Education Program Prepared in Line With Transition Theory on Adaptation to Adolescence and Disease Management in Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes: Randomized Controlled Study Adolescence period; It is a transition period of rapid growth, development and maturation in biochemical, physical, social and spiritual terms, which lasts from the beginning of puberty to young adulthood. Adolescence is a predictable developmental transition period for the individual. They also encounter unpredictable situations (such as childhood illnesses). One of these conditions is Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, which is the most common metabolic endocrine system disease in adolescents. Type 1 diabetes is an important health/disease transition in the life of a child and adolescent. Therefore, this study aimed to determine the effect of the "Adaptation to Adolescence and Type 1 Diabetes Management Training Programme", prepared in line with Meleis's Transition Theory, on the adolescent's developmental transition adaptation, self-efficacy for diabetes management and glycemic control. Inclusion Criteria: * Having been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in the last 6 months * HbA1c level \>7.5 Exclusion Criteria: * presence of a diagnosis of intellectual disability, autism spectrum disorder and psychotic disorder
Efficacy and Safety of Different Doses of Vaginal Misoprostol Prior to Intra Uterine Contraceptive Device Insertion Efficacy and Safety of Different Doses of Vaginal Misoprostol Prior to Intra Uterine Contraceptive Device Insertion investigators aim through this study to evaluate and compare the Safety and efficacy of different doses of misoprostol prior to IUCD insertion among women with nulliparous cervix beside the rate of occurrence of adverse effects. Today there is an ever-increasing variety of effective contraceptive methods. Although all have side effects, they offer a lower risk than that conferred by pregnancy Contraceptive methods are classified according to their effectiveness. The top tier offer the highest level of effectiveness (defined as \<two pregnancies per 100 women per year) and fulfill the criteria of ease of use, long duration of action, minimal need for return visits to the clinic and minimal user motivation or intervention. These methods include intrauterine contraception, sub dermal contraceptive implants and male and female sterilization The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists encourages all women, especially adolescents, to use long-acting reversible contraception. Although intrauterine devices (IUDs) are safe, reliable and highly effective forms of long- acting reversible contraception and has a very low failure rate (0.2-0.6 per 100 women per year) , it is used by only 7.6% and 14.5% of contraceptive users in developed and developing countries, respectively According to the latest practice recommendations for contraceptive use by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the potential barriers to IUD use include anticipated insertion pain and health care providers' concerns about difficult insertion ( It is therefore important to identify effective approaches to ease IUD insertion in order to overcome obstacles hindering IUD use Insertion-associated pain is related to speculum insertion, tenaculum traction on the cervix, sounding of the uterus, passing of the insertion tube through the cervix and placement of the device within the uterine cavity Failure of insertion occurs in up to 14% and 20% of parous and nulliparous women, respectively 13). It has been suggested that difficulty and failure of insertion are experienced more in nulliparous women (adjusted odds ratio \[AOR\] 5.19; 95% confidence interval \[CI\] 2.49, 10.82) and in those with previous Caesarean delivery (AOR 5.38; 95% CI 2.58, 11.22), due to a narrower cervical os Fouda et al. found that women who had delivered only by Caesarean section experienced more pain with IUD insertion compared with women with previous vaginal delivery Many investigators have studied how to minimize insertion pain or failure. Few studies, however, have assessed any measure to decrease pain or difficulty during IUD insertion in women with previous Caesarean delivery (and no prior vaginal delivery) Pergialiotis et al. conducted a meta-analysis of clinical trials of analgesic options for IUD placement. Owing to the small number of trials, however, they concluded that further studies were needed before a conclusion could be reached Misoprostol is a synthetic analog of prostaglandin E1 originally approved for treatment and prevention of gastric ulcers induced by non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs. It can be administered sublingually, orally, vaginally, or rectally. Vaginal administration has been associated with the highest peak serum levels of misoprostol, and overall bioavailability is greatest for sublingual and vaginal administration. Misoprostol has well-known cervical ripening and uterotonic effects, naturally leading to its use as an adjunct in many gynecologic procedures. Its use has been well studied in the hysteroscopy literature. Multiple well-designed studies have validated the efficacy of different doses of misoprostol before hysteroscopy in reducing pain with dilation, reducing the number of failed dilations, and increasing cervical canal diameter before dilation Given these data, it is reasonable to hypothesize that pretreatment with misoprostol could aid in IUD insertion. As existing studies examining this question have asserted varied conclusions, through this study investigators will evaluate and compare the safety and efficacy of different doses of misoprostol prior to IUCD insertion among women with nulliparous cervix beside the rate of occurrence of adverse effects. This study aims to compare the efficacy and safety of different doses of vaginal misoprostol prior to IUCD insertion among women with nulliparous cervix "those who never delivered vaginally". Inclusion Criteria: * Non-pregnant, * Nulliparous cervix: no previous vaginal delivery or any attempt of vaginal delivery, * Seeking for IUD insertion, * Signing an informed consent to participate in the study, Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnancy or signs of pregnancy, * Signs of cervicitis, * Any uterine abnormalities as congenital anomalies, endometrial lesions, adenomyosis, fibroids and intrauterine adhesions, * Women with any kind of pelvic pain, * Abnormal uterine bleeding, * History of cervical surgery,• Vaginal delivery, * Contraindication to misoprostol as allergy, * Administration of any analgesics last 12h, * Withdrawal of consent
Oral Prednisolone Effect on Cancer WHO Stepladder Analgesia Protocol Effect of Salutatory Oral Prednisolone Dosing on Cancer Pain WHO Stepladder Analgesic Drug Protocol Introduction; World Health Organization (WHO) analgesic ladder; Step I recommends non-opioid analgesics for mild pain. Step II specifies the use of weak opioids for moderate pain. Step III comprises the use of strong opioids for severe pain. Cancer pain management using opioids administered alone or in combination with adjuvant analgesics. Corticosteroids adjuvant use for neuropathic and bone pain treatment. However, despite widespread use of corticosteroids, scientific evidence about its efficacy in cancer pain management is limited. This protocol aims to clarify pors and cons of interrupted steroid dosing in chronic cancer pain WHO stepladder analgesia protocol. Methods; Prospective quizi-pre-post experimental study will be conducted after IRB approval in the Mansoura oncology canter pain clinic-Faculty of medicine Mansoura University Egypt. Verbal informed consent will be obtained from the respondents (patients) for the interview. Furthermore, the data collected from each patient will be kept confidential and used strictly only for the purpose of the study. Patients will be allocated as single group and will take oral prednisolone (sulopride10 mg) single dose every two days for 4 successive weeks then the next two weeks as washout period (stop dosing gradually by taking 5 mgs for 3 successive dosing every 2nd day over a week, then stop the oral steroid drug totally over the 2nd week of the washout period. The second period of the study will start by taking the oral prednisolone (sulopride10 mg) every fourth day for the next 4 weeks after which the patient will get another washout two weeks period (stop dosing gradually 5 mgs for 3 successive dosing every 4th day then stop the drug totally).A questionnaire-based interview using Brief Pain Inventory-Short Form (BPI-sf) (16) based on VAS pain score as a rough tool for pain intensity Data collection: Primary Outcome: global Pain intensity, assessed by a visual analogue scale (VAS) 0-10. Secondary outcomes based on the Brief Pain Inventory short form (BPI-sf). Introduction: pain in cancer patients is based on the concept of the World Health Organization (WHO) analgesic ladder and was recently updated with the EAPC (European Association for Palliative Care) recommendations. (1) Cancer pain management using opioids administered alone or in combination with adjuvant analgesics. Spinal cord compression, superior vena cava obstruction, raised intracranial pressure, and bowel obstruction is better established than in other nonspecific indications Corticosteroids adjuvant use for neuropathic and bone pain treatment. However, despite widespread use of corticosteroids, scientific evidence about its efficacy in cancer pain management is limited. According to the cancer Pain Management Index (PMI) (2), approximately one-third of patients do not receive appropriate analgesia proportional to their pain intensity (PI). This protocol aims to clarify pors and cons of interrupted steroid dosing in chronic cancer pain WHO stepladder analgesia protocol. World Health Organization (WHO) analgesic ladder; Step I recommends non-opioid analgesics for mild pain. Step II specifies the use of weak opioids for moderate pain. Step III comprises the use of strong opioids for severe pain (4). Recently the European Association for Palliative Care (EAPC) recommendations (5, 6). Nociceptive and neuropathic components of cancer pain responsiveness to opioids is necessary to achieve good pain alleviation. Medical data demonstrate that complete pain relief is rarely achieved in cancer patients; nonetheless, it can be significantly reduced (7). However, some authors have suggested eliminating the second step of the analgesic ladder, with weak opioids being replaced with low doses of oral morphine (8, 9). Inadequate assessment leads to inadequate management of cancer pain. Brief Pain Inventory (PI), a pain assessment tool that measures both the intensity of the pain (sensory dimension) and the interference of cancer pain in the patient's life (reactive dimension). It also queries the patient about pain relief, pain quality, and patient perception of the cause of pain. (10) The Pain Management Index (PMI) is widely used in the assessment of pain management, and negative scores are traditionally considered to indicate inadequate pain management. PMI scores are inversely associated with the proportion of patients with pain interference (PI). However, PMI scores of - 1 do not always indicate inadequate pain management; pain management should, therefore, be evaluated from multiple perspectives. Hypothalamic-pituitary-Adrenal Axis (HPA) axis, sudden cessation of corticosteroid therapy may result in adrenal failure. Clinically significant HPA axis suppression is rare if a steroid is administered for less than 3 weeks (11). Steroid withdrawal syndromes: Relapse of the disease, symptoms of steroid withdrawal syndrome such as lethargy, depression, anorexia, nausea, myalgia, or arthralgia (12). Steroid Tapering: The most suitable method of tapering has not been established as yet. After the glucocorticoid withdrawal, the hypothalamic and pituitary functions recover first, followed by the adrenocortical function. Full recovery of adrenal function can take months, or even up to a year (13), especially after prolonged steroid treatment with high doses. A possible scheme of steroid discontinuation is Prednisolone or equivalent daily dose≥ 7.5 mg reduce rapidly 2.5 mg every 3-4 days, then 5-7.5 mg reduce by 1 mg every 2-4 weeks, then \< 5 mg Reduce by 1 mg every 2-4 weeks (13). Prednisolone relative biologic potencies are; Salt retention 0.75, Anti-inflammatory effect 3, and HPA axis suppression 4. Nociception consists of four stages: Transduction (in peripheral nociceptors), transmission (via neurons), modulation, and pain perception. The possible role of steroids on every step of remain unclear; Reduction in inflammation decreases nociceptors activation (14) , inhibit the expression of collagenase, reduce pro-inflammatory cytokines, stimulate the synthesis of lipocortin (15), reduction of peritumoral edema leads to the improvement in analgesia in brain metastases (16) and spinal cord compression (17) , Decrease of spontaneous discharge \& reduce neuropathic pain, Modulate neural activity and plasticity. There has been little evidence for this in the literature with cancer-induced pain, nausea, and vomiting, fatigue, cancer-induced anorexia-cachexia, depressed mood, or poor general well-being and dyspnea. (18) Inclusion Criteria: Patients will be considered eligible if they fulfill the following criteria: age≥ 18 years old; diagnosed with any type of cancer: on regular visits every 14 days to the Mansoura oncology center pain clinic. Exclusion Criteria: patients with severe other medical disease (organ failure-uncontrolled DM-uncontrolled Hypertension) or psychiatric problems and unable or unwilling to provide the required information will be excluded from the study, patients on chemotherapy or radiotherapy during the study period.
Safety and Effectiveness of NRP for DCD Heart Transplantation Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Effectiveness of Normothermic Regional Perfusion (NRP) for Resuscitation of Hearts From Donation After Circulatory Death (DCD) This is a prospective, observational, pilot trial to evaluate the feasibility of heart transplantation using normothermic regional perfusion (NRP) donation after donor circulatory death (DCD). Normothermic regional perfusion utilizes Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (ECMO) or cardiopulmonary bypass to reperfuse the heart and other organs in situ after isolation and ligation of the cerebral vessels. In situ resuscitation of the heart has the added advantage of allowing full hemodynamic and echocardiographic assessment of the donor heart prior to final acceptance for transplantation without the imminent danger of ongoing warm ischemia. The current procedure of DCD organ donation and procurement follows a well-established course for lung, liver, kidney and pancreas transplantation in the United States. DCD transplantation of a heart has been hampered due to concern about the graft viability after the obligatory period of warm ischemia and also the limited ability to assess the graft function after the cessation of circulation. Normothermic regional perfusion restores the circulation and enables in-situ reanimation of thoracic and abdominal organs after the circulatory determination of death. For heart transplantation, the investigators will accept donors between the ages of 18 and 49 without any known history of coronary artery disease, insulin dependent diabetes, or long-term smoking (\>20 pack/years) and normal baseline cardiac function (EF\>50) assessed with transthoracic echocardiogram. After the authorization for research has been obtained from DCD surrogate, the organs will be allocated through UNOS. When all parties are present and ready, the donor will be withdrawn from life support (i.e., discontinuation of mechanical ventilation and any vasoactive medications). . After circulatory arrest occurs, death is declared by a physician not associated with the transplant teams. Subsequently a period of stand-off is observed (5 minutes for organs donated in Nebraska) to ensure complete cessation of the circulation before organ procurement is commenced. If after withdrawal of life support the patient does not progress to circulatory death within the allotted time, the procurement is abandoned and the patient is transferred out of the operating room and placed on palliative measures. Given that DCD organ donation is already currently practiced in the US, the same standard approach defined by each state and locality can also be applied to DCD heart donation and will be followed for this protocol at UNMC. However, this protocol will utilize a normothermic regional perfusion (NRP) strategy that involves reestablishment of circulatory blood flow after the period of circulatory arrest has been established and the 5 minutes of standoff time has passed. The local Organ Procurement Organization (LiveOnNE) have reviewed and approved this approach to DCD heart donation. Specifically, normothermic regional perfusion involves the following steps: 1. Opening the chest through a standard sternotomy used for heart and lung procurement. 2. Ligation of the all the blood vessels that supply blood to the brain to ensure that blood flow to the brain is not reestablished once circulation is restarted as described below. 3. Standard cannulation of the aorta and the right atrium as is done for cardiac surgical procedures. 4. Initiation of cardiopulmonary bypass, which will re-establish the flow of blood to all organs of the body including the heart under normothermia. The initial step for ligation of the blood vessels to the head is necessary to ensure that blood flow to the brain does not occur. Once blood flow to the heart is established, the heart will start beating. At 30 minute intervals, the donor will be separated from cardiopulmonary bypass and the heart will be assessed for functionality. If accepted standard DBD procurement will commence. The heart transplantation surgery on the potential recipient will only begin once the heart has been accepted as suitable. If after assessment the heart is not suitable, cardiopulmonary bypass will be restarted. The donor heart will be reassessed at 30-minute intervals up to 180 minutes. If no significant acceptable recovery occurs and the heart is not deemed suitable for transplantation, then the study will be terminated, but the remaining organs can be recovered as standard practice. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Recipient is ≥ 19 years old 2. Recipient, or their designated healthcare proxy, is able and willing to sign informed consent 3. Recipient meets standard listing criteria for heart transplantation Exclusion Criteria: 1. Recipient is \< 19 years old 2. Recipient, or their designated healthcare proxy, is unable to sign informed consent 3. Recipient is participating in another interventional trial 4. Recipient has a known history of HIV infection 5. Recipient has any condition that, in the opinion of the Investigator, would make study participation unsafe or would interfere with the objectives of the study
Evaluation of Loratadine for G-CSF Induced Bone Pain in Patients With Hematologic Malignancies Evaluation of Loratadine for Granulocyte-Colony Stimulating Factor Induced Bone Pain in Patients With Hematologic Malignancies The purpose of this project is to assess the efficacy of loratadine in decreasing the incidence and severity of bone pain following G-CSF administration in patients with hematologic malignancies, patients undergoing mobilization of hematopoietic progenitor cells, and patients who have undergone an autologous hematopoietic cell transplant. This is a different patient population than those being assessed in current clinical trials. Objectives The primary objective is to determine the incidence of bone pain following G-CSF administration in patients with hematologic malignancies, patients undergoing mobilization of hematopoietic progenitor cells, and patients who have undergone an autologous hematopoietic cell transplant. Incidence will be determined via patient-reported incidence following G-CSF administration. Secondary objectives include determining the efficacy of loratadine for bone pain prevention as indicated by a decrease in incidence and a decrease in severity (questions 4 and 5 of the survey). Inclusion Criteria: * Receiving a G-CSF after the institution practice change * Receiving a G-CSF for one of the following indications: * Prevention/treatment of neutropenia along with treatment for leukemia or lymphoma * Mobilization of hematopoietic progenitor cells * Neutropenia prevention following autologous hematopoietic cell transplant * Took loratadine per protocol with G-CSF administration * Completed a survey Exclusion Criteria: * Taking daily antihistamines for allergies, asthma, or other indications, not including bone pain * Taking daily NSAIDs, with the exception of aspirin, for chronic conditions * Treatment for solid tumor cancers * Receiving bone modifying agents for bone pain associated with metastatic disease or other chronic conditions
Discrete(TM) Safety Clinical Trial GLAD-01 Controlled, Single Ascending Volume Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Tolerability of the Adhesion Reduction Medical Device Discrete(TM) in Healthy Volunteers This study will assess the safety and tolerability of a new liquid anti-adhesion device, Discrete(TM), in healthy volunteers, in order to determine the best volume of Discrete(TM) to go forward into clinical efficacy research. The clinical trial will progress in accordance with first-in-human study guidance from the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA). It will be conducted as a randomized, controlled, double-blinded, single ascending volume, single-center, interventional safety trial. Participants will remain blinded to treatment until end of clinical trial. A maximum of 7 cohorts will be studied to assess maximum tolerated volume of investigational medical device compared with Control Lactated Ringer's solution (LRS) administered intraperitoneally. The trial will commence with a low volume and progress in a sequential, stepwise volume-escalating schema until defined maximum tolerated volume criteria are met. Following determination of the maximum tolerated volume, it is anticipated that up to 2 additional cohorts will be enrolled, wherein all participants will also receive a single standard dose of a commonly used anticoagulant as used in surgeries. A maximum of 81 participants will be enrolled. Eligible and consented adult men and women will be sequentially enrolled within each cohort at a ratio of 6 participants on Discrete(TM) to 3 participants on Control LRS. Participants will be followed for up to 10 days after intraperitoneal application. An independent Data and Safety Monitoring Committee will closely review safety in the clinical trial. Pre-Application Inclusion criteria * Understand and be able to follow the requirements of the protocol including signing and dating an REB approved Informed Consent Form prior to undergoing any protocol related procedures * Adult healthy volunteers ≥ 18 to ≤ 60 years of age, male or female * Female participants must fulfil one (1) of the following criteria: i) Post-menopausal; defined as either amenorrhea ≥ 12 months and confirmed with follicle stimulating hormone test ii) Females of childbearing potential participating in heterosexual sexual relations must be willing to use adequate contraception from at least 30 days before the study and for the duration of the study until 45 days post-intraperitoneal treatment. Adequate contraception includes: 1. hormonal implant combined with a barrier method (male or female condom diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/suppository or cervical cap with spermicide). 2. intrauterine system (IUS) combined with a barrier method (male or female condom diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/ suppository or cervical cap with spermicide). 3. intrauterine device (IUD) combined with a barrier method (male or female condom diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/ suppository or cervical cap with spermicide). 4. hormonal patch combined with a barrier method (male or female condom diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/ suppository or cervical cap with spermicide). 5. hormonal contraceptive pills combined with a barrier method (male or female condom diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/ suppository or cervical cap with spermicide). 6. double-barrier methods (e.g., male condom with diaphragm and spermicide, male condom with cervical cap and spermicide). 7. complete abstinence as a method of contraception is acceptable if in line with the subject's usual and preferred lifestyle. * Male subjects who are non-vasectomized (or vasectomized less than six (6) months prior device application) and have female partners of childbearing potential must be willing to tell their female partner(s) that they are participating in a research study, and use an effective birth control method when having heterosexual intercourse, from treatment application until 45 days post-intraperitoneal treatment. Effective methods of contraception for use by males include: i) using a condom with a female partner of child-bearing potential who is using oral contraceptives, hormonal patch, implant or injection, intrauterine device, or diaphragm with spermicidal foam/gel/film/ cream/suppository. ii) complete abstinence as a method of contraception is acceptable if in line with the subject's usual and preferred lifestyle. * In good general health as evaluated by the Principal Investigator * Has undergone a satisfactory physical and medical assessment with no clinically significant and relevant abnormalities, comorbidities, chronic or acute infections * No history of previous abdominopelvic surgery including laparoscopy, laparotomy, caesarean section, or other access that could have resulted in development of adhesions * No symptoms, history, treatment or prior diagnosis of endometriosis, pelvic inflammatory disease, chlamydia, polycystic ovaries, inflammatory bowel disease, diverticulitis, irritable bowel syndrome or other condition likely to result in abdominopelvic inflammation or sensitivity, or development of adhesions * Have a negative pregnancy test within 1 day (24 hours) of device or control application (female participants only) * Is willing, able and likely to fully comply with clinical trial procedures and restrictions including follow-ups Pre-Application Exclusion Criteria * Are unable to give their own written informed consent * Current pregnancy including ectopic pregnancy within last 6 months (including any previous ectopic pregnancy treated surgically) (female participants only) * Positive pregnancy test (female participants only) * Are breastfeeding (female participants only) * Are within 3 months post-partum (female participants only) * Are anticipated to attempt pregnancy within 45 days after intraperitoneal application * Participant has donated blood in the following volumes: i) Between 50 mL and 499 mL within 30 days prior to the screening visit ii) 500 mL or more within 60 days prior to the screening visit * Participant has a BMI of ≤ 18.5 or ≥ 30, and in the opinion of the Investigator does not have - Has undergone previous abdominopelvic surgery including laparoscopy, laparotomy, caesarean section, or other access that could have resulted in development of adhesions * Has had symptoms, history, treatment or prior diagnosis of any inflammatory condition affecting the abdominopelvic cavity, including; endometriosis, pelvic inflammatory disease, chlamydia, polycystic ovaries, inflammatory bowel disease (including Crohn's disease, Ulcerative Colitis and Microscopic colitis), diverticulitis, irritable bowel syndrome, intestinal obstructive disease or other condition likely to result in abdominopelvic inflammation or sensitivity, or development of adhesions * Have diabetes * Have clinically significant abnormal blood results as reviewed by Principal Investigator * Have creatinine clearance \<30 mL/min as per Cockcroft-Gault equation * Concurrent use or anticipated use of systemic corticosteroids, antineoplastic agents within 2 months of intraperitoneal application * Participant has received immunosuppressant therapy within last 30 days * Have had previous radiation therapy in thoracic or abdominopelvic cavity * History of malignancy (excluding basal cell carcinoma) * History of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or known sensitivity to heparin-like products (including enoxaparin sodium) * Have clinically relevant hemochromatosis, hepatic, renal, autoimmune, lymphatic, - Family history of blood or coagulation disorders * Have any concomitant medical treatment including anticoagulant therapy, over-the-counter medications and/or herbal supplements or teas within preceding 14 days of clinical trial unit - Active pelvic or abdominal infection or other active infection with fever greater than 37.6°C * Known or suspected allergy to brown seaweed, food allergies and/or presence of any dietary restrictions unless deemed by the PI/Sub-I as "Not Clinically Significant" * Any other severe allergic conditions (e.g., anaphylactic reactions, angioedema) * Currently enrolled in another clinical study/trial or has been in another study within the last 30 days * Have received or is expected to receive any investigational product or investigational technique within 30 days prior to or during enrolment * Participants who are, in the opinion of the Investigator, unable to comply with the clinical trial schedule and protocol evaluations * Participants who, in the opinion of the Investigator, would not be suitable for clinical trial participation * Participants with clinically significant ECG or other screening visit abnormality that, in the opinion of the Investigator, would not be suitable for clinical trial participation * Participant has current or any history of prior bladder or urinary injury; or history of recurrent bladder or urinary problems, including recurrent urinary tract infections in last 12 months; or a single occasion bladder or urinary problem, including cystitis or proven urinary tract infection within the last 3 months * Participant has suspected abdominal abscess * Have a positive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) test at screening only * A known history or positive test result for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), chronic Hepatitis B surface antigen, or Hepatitis C antibody at screening only. * Evidence of alcohol or substance abuse, or previous alcohol or substance abuse * Participant not willing to refrain from use of alcohol throughout clincial trial unit admission and for 48 hours prior to any clinic visit. * A positive urine drug screen (Marijuana, Amphetamines, Phencyclidine, Barbiturates, Cocaine, Opiates, Benzodiazepines). * Participant not willing to refrain from egg donation from time of consent to 45 days after * Participant not willing to refrain from sperm donation from time of consent to 45 days after intraperitoneal application (male participants only) * Participant not willing to refrain from smoking or using any tobacco/nicotine-containing products from at least 6 months prior to study device application and for the entire duration of the study. * Participant not willing to refrain from strenuous exercise/activity (for example heavy lifting, weight training, intense aerobics classes etc.) for at least 72 hours prior to admission to the * Participant has a history of or has a current hernia.
The Effects of the Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program on Pregnant Women The Effects of the Mindfulness -Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program on the Stress Levels, Sleep Quality and Awareness Levels of Pregnant Women This study was planned as a randomized controlled experimental study to determine the effect of Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program on stress levels, sleep quality and mindfulness levels of pregnant women. Hypotheses of the Study: Hypothesis 1 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on reducing stress levels of pregnant women. Hypothesis 2 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on improving sleep quality of pregnant women. Hypothesis 3 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on increasing the mindfulness levels of pregnant women. Hypothesis 4 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on reducing women's stress levels in the postpartum period. Hypothesis 5 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on improving women's sleep quality in the postpartum period. Hypothesis 6 (H1): Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program has an effect on increasing women's mindfulness levels in the postpartum period. It is planned to collect the research data from pregnant women who applied to the obstetrics and gynecology outpatient clinics of Vezirköprü State Hospital by face-to-face interview technique using Personal Information Form, Tilburg Distress in Pregnancy Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Perceived Stress Scale and Mindfulness Scale. It is planned to collect the research data in three stages. In the first stage, pre-test data will be collected from all pregnant women in the intervention and control groups who applied to the obstetrics outpatient clinic of Vezirköprü State Hospital, met the inclusion criteria and agreed to participate in the study. Pregnant women in the intervention group will be applied the Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program consisting of 8 sessions and post-test data will be collected with measurement tools in the last trimester of pregnancy and 1-3 months after delivery. Pregnant women in the control group will not receive any intervention and will receive routine pregnancy care and practices. Post-test data will be collected from the pregnant women in the control group in the last trimester of pregnancy and between 1-3 months postpartum with measurement tools. After the post-test data are collected, the pregnant women in the control group will also receive mindfulness training. This study was planned as a randomized controlled experimental study to determine the effect of Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program on stress levels, sleep quality and mindfulness levels of pregnant women. This study have been conducted between June 01, 2024 and December 31, 2024 in the obstetrics outpatient clinics of Vezirköprü State Hospital affiliated to Samsun Provincial Health Directorate. There are two obstetrics outpatient clinics, breastfeeding counseling/lactation-relactation outpatient clinic and a pregnancy school in the hospital where the research will be conducted. In addition to the outpatient clinics, there are pregnancy monitoring and nonstress testing rooms. The population of the study will consist of pregnant women who applied to the Obstetrics and Gynecology Outpatient Clinics of Vezirköprü District State Hospital affiliated to Samsun Provincial Health Directorate. Pregnant women who applied to Vezirköprü District State Hospital Obstetrics and Gynecology Outpatient Clinics and met the criteria for inclusion in the sample will be included in the sample of the study. In order to determine a significant group effect in the sample calculation of the study, the minimum sample size was calculated as 33 pregnant women in the intervention group, 33 pregnant women in the control group, and 66 pregnant women in total, using an alpha margin of error of 0.05, a research power of 0.80 and an intermediate group effect (partial eta squared) of 0.03. In order to strengthen the results of the study and increase reliability and against the possibility of sample loss during the study, it was decided to include 80 pregnant women (40 intervention and 40 control), which is 20% more than the sample size. It is planned to collect the research data from pregnant women who applied to the obstetrics and gynecology outpatient clinics of Vezirköprü State Hospital by face-to-face interview technique using Personal Information Form, Tilburg Distress in Pregnancy Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Perceived Stress Scale and Mindfulness Scale. It is planned to collect the research data in three stages. In the first stage, pre-test data will be collected from all pregnant women in the intervention and control groups who applied to the obstetrics outpatient clinic of Vezirköprü State Hospital, met the inclusion criteria and agreed to participate in the study. Pregnant women in the intervention group will be applied the Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program consisting of 8 sessions and post-test data will be collected with measurement tools in the last trimester of pregnancy and 1-3 months after delivery. Pregnant women in the control group will not receive any intervention and will receive routine pregnancy care and practices. Post-test data will be collected from the pregnant women in the control group in the last trimester of pregnancy and between 1-3 months postpartum with measurement tools. After the post-test data are collected, the pregnant women in the control group will also receive mindfulness training. Inclusion Criteria: * - Volunteering to participate in the research, * Be over 18 years of age, * Being literate, * To be able to understand and speak Turkish, * Nulliparous conception, * Don't be a singleton, * Gestational age between 24-32 weeks. Exclusion Criteria: * - Multiparous pregnancy, * Don't have a high-risk pregnancy, * Do not have a diagnosed psychiatric illness, * Conception as a result of infertility treatment, * Attending childbirth preparation courses * Planning a cesarean birth * Previous experience of yoga and meditation, * Don't want to leave the research, * Not attending any session of the Mindfulness-Based Pregnancy Stress Reduction Program * Failure to complete the data collection tools completely.
Efficacy of Motor Control and Diathermy Treatment in Acute Low Back Pain Efficacy of Motor Control Treatment Combined With Resistive Capacitive Diathermy in Acute Low Back Pain Lumbar pain is considered one of the most frequent health problems faced by human populations on a global scale. This study will be carried out to evaluate the efficiency of motor control treatments combined with diathermy in patients diagnosed with acute lower back pain, focusing upon the potential for accelerated patient recuperation if both treatments are applied simultaneously and jointly. Inclusion Criteria: * Acute low back pain (no more of 4 weeks) * Spanish speaker * Between 18-65 years Exclusion Criteria: * Patients in whom diathermy is a contraindicated therapy * Pacemaker * Pregnant * Not intact skin * Thrombophlebitis * Hypotension * Anticoagulated patient or with local surgical intervention
NANOS Neck Preserving Hip Stem A Prospective, Multicenter, Clinical Outcome Study of the NANOS Neck Preserving Stem in Patients With Degenerative Hip Joint Disease The objective of this study is to determine the long-term safety and effectiveness of the NANOS neck preserving stem in terms of radiographic and clinical performance as well as short-, mid- and long-term survivorship The goal of this multicenter clinical observation is to validate short-, mid-, and long-term outcome (efficacy and safety) of the NANOS neck preserving hip stem. Effectiveness Measures: * Evaluation of function, range of motion (ROM) and pain as assessed by Harris Hip Score, HOOS Score \[4-6\], UCLA Activity Rating \[7\] * Radiographic changes as defined by radiolucent lines, osteolysis, hypo- and hypertrophy, implant loosening or migration Safety evaluations: * Intra- and peri-operative device-related adverse events (AE) and complications up to discharge * Postoperative AE up to 10 years Inclusion Criteria: * Inclusion criteria: * Patient requires Primary total hip replacement (THR) to the affected side, unilateral or bilateral. Bilateral only if \>3 months after the first THR * Patient agreed to participate in the MCO study by signing the Informed Consent form. * Age of patient at date of surgery 18 to 65 years * Patient is likely to comply with study follow-up requirements Exclusion criteria: * Previously failed endoprosthesis and /or THR components in relevant hip * Patient has proven osteoporosis * Pronounced coxa valga with a femoral neck angle \> 145º * Pronounced coxa vara with a femoral neck angle \< 125º * History of infection in the affected joint; systemic infections * Grossly insufficient femoral or acetabular bone stock in the involved hip where a revision cup is indicated * Spinal disease with neurologic movement disorders * Alcoholism or addictive disorders * ASA score is 3 or 4 * Body mass index (BMI) \> 30 * Patient is pregnant or being pregnant during follow up intervals * Patients understanding of the language is insufficient for understanding the Patient Information and Consent
Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of PF-04958242 in Healthy Adult Volunteers A Phase I, Randomized, Subject and Investigator-Blind, Sponsor Open, Multiple Escalating Dose Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of PF-04958242 in Healthy Adult Volunteers The primary objective of this study evaluates the safety and tolerability of multiple, escalating doses of PF-04958242 administered orally to healthy adult participants.This study also evaluates the plasma and urine multiple dose pharmacokinetics (PK) of PF-04958242. A decision was made to terminate the B1701002 study so that emerging data from the study and from a preclinical study in rats could be further examined and incorporated into a new study design and protocol. This study was previously posted by Pfizer, Inc. Sponsorship of the trial was transferred to Biogen. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Body Mass Index (BMI) of 17.5 to 30.5 kilograms per meter quared (kg/m2); * Total body weight \>50 kilograms (kg) (110 pounds \[lbs\]); Key Exclusion Criteria: * Evidence or history of clinically significant hematological, renal, endocrine, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, hepatic, psychiatric, neurologic, or allergic disease (including drug allergies, but excluding untreated, asymptomatic, seasonal allergies at time of dosing); * Positive urine drug screen; * Pregnant or nursing females, and females of child bearing potential; * Severe acute or chronic medical or psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of study results and, in the judgment of the investigator, would make the participant inappropriate for entry into this study. NOTE: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply
PILATES METHOD ON THE UPPER LIMBS FUNCTIONALITY PILATES METHOD ON THE UPPER LIMBS FUNCTIONALITY OF THE MASTECTOMIZED WOMEN INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer is one of the pathologies affecting women worldwide, with a high mortality rate of 14,206 per 100,000 women per year. However, Pilates was used as a therapeutic treatment for women who underwent a modified radical mastectomy, being associated with the alterations when in the postoperative sequels. OBJECTIVE: to evaluate the Pilates Method in the functionality of women submitted to modified radical mastectomy. METHOD: This is a quantitative clinical trial, in the form of women included in the project, to undergo a physical therapy rehabilitation program through the Pilates Method for 2 months, where they were evaluated before and after the procedure for measurement and comparison obtained. CONCLUSION: In this way, the pilates method is presented as an instrument used for the rehabilitation of mastectomized women. Inclusion Criteria: * Female subjects, between 30 and 65 years, with a diagnosis of breast cancer, who underwent radical-mastectomy surgery and who had after 30 postoperative days Exclusion Criteria: * Women who present alterations in healing, severe pain, who have another type of treatment, people who lack more than three times in the research, quitters, people with relapses and who do not tolerate the treatment protocol.
Evaluating the Potential of the Diet as Disease Modifier in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (JERN_ALS) Observational Study for Evaluating the Potential of Diet and Food Components as Disease Modifiers in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (JERN_ALS) The proposed observational trial will collect substantial data concerning dietary intake documented by ALS patients complemented by the analysis of fatty acid distribution in erythrocyte lipids. Both data sets are related to disease status and progress. Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a currently incurable, multifactorial motor neuron disease characterized by upper and lower motor neuron degeneration, skeletal muscle atrophy, paralysis, and death. Multiple mechanisms caused by genetic and environmental factors proposed as responsible for ALS pathogenesis include decreased availability to neurotrophic factors, disturbances in calcium metabolism, increased neuroinflammatory status, cytoskeletal changes, mitochondrial dysfunction, dysfunction of protein degradation, glutamate excitotoxicity, apoptosis and oxidative stress. Currently, the only available drug to treat ALS is riluzole which slightly prolongs life. Nutritional management has become more important in the treatment of ALS because body mass index and nutritional status seems to be independent, prognostic factors for survival and disease complications. Malnutrition is common in ALS, so caloric supplementation is essential. Additionally, many ALS patients self-medicate with vitamins, herbs, and other dietary supplements. The objective of the current project is establishing the link between nutritional intake and disease status and progress. In detail, we like to assess if the improved outcomes are associated with specific nutrients, or simply the provision of excess calories. In this context, one of the most promising dietary candidates are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and in particular the long-chain n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid. This important structural component in neuronal membranes plays a role in neurogenesis and neuroprotection as well as exerts well-described anti-inflammatory effects in the brain. The proposed observational trial will collect substantial data concerning dietary intake documented by ALS patients (Food Frequency Protocols, FFPs, periodic over 5 days) combined with the analysis of fatty acid distribution in erythrocyte lipids which reflects fatty acid distribution of the consumed fatty or oily foods (time period: approximately the last 2-3 months). The fatty aids distribution in erythrocyte lipids as well as the nutrient intake calculated by FFPs are related to disease status and progress. Thus, the current research activities focus on identification of dietary factors that are associated with disease progress or survival to develop beneficial interventions and therapy options. Inclusion Criteria: * ALS patients diagnosed according to El Escorial / Awaji criteria for ALS * patients should have the ability to comprehend the full nature and purpose of the study, to cooperate with the investigator, to understand verbal and written instructions, and to comply with the requirements of the entire study. Exclusion Criteria: * patient's request or if patient compliance with the study protocol is doubtful
A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Basmisanil Treatment in Children Aged 2-14 Years With Dup15q Syndrome A Phase II, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Safety, Efficacy, and Pharmacodynamics of 52 Weeks of Treatment With Basmisanil in Participants Aged 2 to 14 Years Old With Dup15q Syndrome Followed by a 2-Year Optional Open-Label Extension This study consists of two parts. Part 1 will evaluate the safety, efficacy, and pharmacodynamics of 52-weeks of basmisanil treatment in children and adolescents (aged 2-14 years) with Dup15q syndrome. Part 1 will test the hypothesis that negative allosteric modulation of a GABAA receptor subtype can address excessive receptor function and positively impact core neurodevelopmental disease feature in individuals with Dup15q syndrome. Part 2 is an optional 2-year open-label extension to evaluate long-term safety, tolerability, and to provide supportive evidence of benefit of continued treatment with basmisanil in selected efficacy outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: * Documented maternal duplication (3 copies) or triplication (4 copies) of the chromosome 15q11.2-q13.1 region that includes the Prader Willi/Angelman critical region defined as \[BP2-BP3\] segment * Dup15q syndrome Clinician Global Impression of Severity scale (Dup15q CGI-S) overall severity score ≥ 4 (at least moderately ill) * Body weight equal to or above the third percentile for age * Participant has a parent, caregiver, or legally authorized representative (hereinafter "caregiver") of at least 18 years of age, who is fluent in the local language at the site, and capable and willing to provide written informed consent for the participant, according to International Council for Harmonisation and local regulations * Participant's caregiver must be living with the participant and, in the opinion of the Investigator, able and willing to reliably assess the participant's ongoing condition, to accompany the participant to all clinic visits, and ensure compliance to study treatment throughout the study. The same caregiver is able and willing to complete the caregiver assessments and is available to the Investigational Site by telephone or email if needed * Participant's caregiver is able and willing to use electronic devices to record information on the participant's condition and to complete assessments at home and agrees to home nursing visits, if local regulations allow for it and if home nursing service is available in the country/region Exclusion Criteria: * Uncontrolled epilepsy at screening (as defined by the protocol) * Lymphoma, leukemia, or any malignancy within the past 5 years, except for basal cell or squamous epithelial carcinomas of the skin that have been resected with no evidence of metastatic disease for 3 years * Clinically significant ECG abnormalities at Screening * Clinically significant abnormalities in laboratory test results at screening (including positive results for HIV, hepatitis B and/or hepatitis C) * Allowed prior existing medication should be on a stable regimen (or frequency of intervention) for at least 6 weeks, and at least 8 weeks for anti-epileptic treatment, prior to Screening * Non-pharmacological / behavioral therapies should not be stopped or newly started at least 6 weeks prior to Screening and are expected to remain stable for the entire study duration (excluding changes related to standard age and educational interventional programs and minor interruptions such as illness or vacation * Concomitant use of prohibited medications * Participation in an investigational drug study within one month or within 6 × the elimination half-life, whichever is longer, prior to dosing in the study * Significant risk for suicidal behavior, as assessed through the suicidal behavior question adapted from the Columbia Classification Algorithm for Suicide Assessment (C-CASA) (participants ≥ 6 years of age only) * Known sensitivity to any of the study treatments or components thereof or drug or other allergy that, in the opinion of the Investigator, contraindicates the participation in the study, including severe lactose intolerance (e.g., unable to tolerate 250 mL \[8 oz. or 1 cup\] of milk, ice cream, or yogurt) * Concomitant clinically relevant disease or condition or any clinically significant finding at screening that could interfere with, or for which, the treatment might interfere with, the conduct of the study or that would pose an unacceptable risk to the participants in this study * Known active or uncontrolled bacterial, viral, or other infection (excluding fungal infections of nail beds) or any major clinically significant episode of infection or hospitalization (relating to the completion of the course of antibiotics) within 6 weeks prior to the start of drug administration
Novel Medications for Opiate Detoxification - 4 Novel Medications for Opiate Detoxification The purpose of this study is to evaluate novel medications for opiate detoxification. Please contact site for information.
Medical Food Formulation Pharmacokinetic (PK) Study in Medium Chain Triglycerides A Phase 1, Single-Center, Pilot, Single-Dose, 6-Way Crossover Study to Compare Six Formulations of Medium Chain Triglycerides on the Pharmacokinetics of Ketone Body Production This is a Phase I, open label, randomized, 6-way crossover, pilot PK study 12 healthy, male subjects enrolled, subject will be randomized to receive a single dose of one of six treatment, with a 2 day washout in between each dosing period. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Healthy, adult, male 18 55 years of age, inclusive, at Screening. 2. Continuous non smoker who has not used nicotine containing products for at least 3 months prior to Day -1 of Period 1 and throughout the study based on self-reporting. 3. Body mass index (BMI) ≥ 18.0 and ≤ 32.0 kg/m2 at Screening. 4. Medically healthy with no clinically significant medical history, physical examination, laboratory profiles, vital signs or ECGs, as deemed by the PI or designee. At screening, subjects must have alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) ≤ the upper limit of normal and triglyceride levels must be \< 250 mg/dL. 5. Hemoglobin levels ≥ the lower limit of normal at Screening and Day -1 of Period 1. 6. A non vasectomized subject must agree to use a condom with spermicide or abstain from sexual intercourse during the study. (No restrictions are required for a vasectomized male provided his vasectomy has been performed 4 months or more prior to Day -1 of Period 1. A subject who has been vasectomized less than 4 months prior to Day -1 of Period 1 must follow the same restrictions as a non vasectomized male). 7. Understands the study procedures in the informed consent form (ICF), and be willing and able to comply with the protocol. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subject is mentally or legally incapacitated or has significant emotional problems at the time of the screening visit or expected during the conduct of the study. 2. History or presence of clinically significant medical or psychiatric condition or disease in the opinion of the PI or designee. 3. History of any illness that, in the opinion of the PI or designee, might confound the results of the study or poses an additional risk to the subject by their participation in the study. 4. History or presence of alcoholism or drug abuse within the past year prior to Day -1 of Period 1. 5. History or presence of galactosemia or hypersensitivity or idiosyncratic reaction to the study drugs, related compounds, milk, palm or coconut oil, or soy. 6. History or presence of symptomatic diverticular disease, uncontrolled gastroesophageal reflux disease, ulcers, inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome or recurrent diarrhea, or gout. 7. Positive urine drug results at Screening or Check-in. 8. Positive alcohol results at Screening or Check-in. One repeat assessment is permitted. 9. Positive results at Screening for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), or hepatitis C virus (HCV). 10. Seated blood pressure is less than 90/40 mmHg or greater than 140/90 mmHg at Screening. One repeat assessment is permitted. 11. Seated heart rate is lower than 40 bpm or higher than 99 bpm at Screening. 12. QTcF interval is \>460 msec or subject has ECG findings deemed abnormal with clinical significance by the PI or designee at Screening. 13. Estimated creatinine clearance ≤ 80 mL/min at Screening. 14. Unable to refrain from or anticipates the use of any drug, including prescription and non-prescription medications, herbal remedies, or vitamin supplements beginning 14 days prior to Day -1 of Period 1 and throughout the study. Acetaminophen (up to 2 g per 24 hours) may be permitted during the study. 15. Has been on a diet incompatible with the on-study diet, in the opinion of the PI or designee, within the 28 days prior to Day -1 of Period 1 and throughout the study. 16. Has been following a ketogenic diet, in the opinion of the PI or designee, within 2 weeks prior to Day -1 of Period 1. 17. Is lactose intolerant. 18. Is unable to complete the standard breakfast prior to dosing on Day 1 of each Period. 19. Donation of blood or significant blood loss within 56 days prior to Day -1 of Period 1. 20. Plasma donation within 7 days prior to Day -1 of Period 1. 21. Participation in another clinical study within 28 days prior to Day -1 of Period 1. The 28-day window will be derived from the date of the last blood collection or dosing, whichever is later, in the previous study to Day -1 of Period 1 of the current study.
Analgesic Effect of Adding an Adductor Canal Block to a Femoral Triangle Block for Total Knee Replacement A Randomised Controlled Trial Investigating the Addition of an Adductor Canal Block to a Femoral Triangle Block for Analgesia After Total Knee Replacement The aim of the study is to investigate whether the addition of an adductor canal block to a femoral triangle block will provide better analgesia for patients after total knee replacements. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty under spinal anaesthesia * 45y or older * ASA 1-3 * BMI 18-35 Exclusion Criteria: * Unable to consent * Chronic opioid consumption * Allergy to study medication * Lower limb surgery preceding year * Unable to complete baseline testing, pre-existing neurological deficit * Contraindication to spinal anaesthesia
Household Influenza Transmission Study Study to Assess Effectiveness of Nonpharmaceutical Interventions (Handwashing, Face Mask Use) to Prevent Influenza Transmission in Households The purpose of this study is to determine whether nonpharmaceutical interventions (i.e., handwashing and masks) reduce secondary transmission of influenza in households. HITS is a multi-year project that will prospectively identify laboratory-confirmed influenza infected children. Secondary influenza infection will then be examined among members of the child's household and effectiveness of non-pharmaceutical interventions to decrease secondary infection will be assessed. The pediatric influenza-infected index case will be identified by rapid influenza testing and their household will then be enrolled and randomized to one of three study arms: control, hand washing (Intervention 1), and hand washing and mask use (Intervention 2). Following enrollment, at days 0, 3 and 7, all household participants will be tested: the index case will be assessed for influenza viral shedding and household members will be assessed for secondary influenza infection. This study is being conducted at Queen Sirikit Institute for Child Health in Bangkok. Inclusion Criteria: * Child, 1 month through 15 years of age * Resident of Bangkok Metropolitan Area * Outpatient of Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health Children's * Hospital seen during HITS' active study period * Positive influenza rapid test result from patient presenting with influenza-like illness * In addition to the index case, consent must be obtained from at least 2 household members ≥1 month of age who plan to sleep inside the house for a period of at least 21 days from the time of enrollment Exclusion Criteria: * Illness onset 48 hours or more before presentation and influenza testing at Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health Children's Hospital * Treatment with influenza antiviral medications since it may decrease secondary attack rate * Children who are at high risk for severe influenza disease (e.g., chronic lung disease, renal disease, chemotherapy for cancer, long-term aspirin therapy) * A history of influenza-like illness in another household member that precedes the index case by 7 days or less will lead to exclusion of the household because the source of influenza infection for secondary cases is uncertain. * Receipt of influenza vaccine by any household member during the preceding 12 months. * Prior participation in HITS.
Increasing Stroke Treatment Through Interventional Change Tactics Study Clinical Trial to Increase t-PA Use in Stroke Treatment The purpose of this study is to evaluate a standardized, system-based, barrier assessment and interactive educational intervention to increase appropriate t-PA use for stroke. Stroke is a major public health problem. Only 1 to 3 percent of people with stroke patients in community settings are receiving tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) therapy ten years after it was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Data from academic stroke teams, stroke patient arrival times, and thrombolytic therapy (clot-dissolving) in myocardial infarction suggest substantially higher treatment rates are possible. The development and implementation of educational interventions to motivate physicians, other healthcare providers, and healthcare organizations, to learn the principles of acute stroke care is a high-priority. Limited prior work found a combination of community and professional education increased thrombolytic therapy for stroke from a pre-intervention rate of 2.2 percent to a post-intervention rate of 11.3 percent, with the data suggesting the professional education was the critical element for increasing use. The Increasing Stroke Treatment through Interventional behavioral Change Tactics (INSTINCT) trial is designed to evaluate a standardized, system-based barrier assessment and interactive educational intervention (BA-IEI) for increasing appropriate t-PA use in people with stroke. This multi-center, randomized, controlled study will be conducted at 24 hospital sites nationwide. The intervention, BA-IEI, targets emergency departments and is based on adult education and behavior change theory. BA-IEI is designed for replication in community health initiatives. It incorporates local stroke champion development, hospital-specific barrier evaluation, mixed CME targeting identified barriers, performance feedback, protocol development, and academic detailing. The primary endpoint will be the increase in appropriate use of t-PA for stroke with evaluations of change in emergency physician knowledge on t-PA use. The primary aims of this study are to determine if a BA-IEI is effective in increasing appropriate t-PA use in stroke, and if BA-IEI improves emergency physician knowledge, beliefs, and attitudes regarding the use of t-PA for acute stroke. Results from this study may lead to an effective method for increasing the use of t-PA for stroke. Inclusion Criteria: * Physician staffed emergency department at all times * 24/7 CT scanning availability * Computerized pharmacy dispensing system for the emergency department or thrombolytic use log * Agreement to participate and identified site investigator Exclusion Criteria: * Primary children's, psychiatric, or long-term (convalescent) care hospital * Established academic comprehensive stroke center (Detroit Receiving Hospital, Henry Ford Hospital, University of Michigan) * Annual emergency department volume greater than 100,000 patients per year (only one hospital)
A Healthy Volunteer Study To Assess Relative Bioavailability Of Powder-In-Capsule And A Tablet Formulation And The Effect Of Food On The Pharmacokinetics Of The Tablet Formulation A Phase 1, Single-Dose, Open-Label, Crossover Study To Assess The Relative Bioavailability Of Powder-In-Capsule And A Tablet Formulation Of Pf-05175157 And The Effect Of Food On The Pharmacokinetics Of The Tablet Formulation In Healthy Volunteers The purpose of this study in healthy volunteers is to assess the relative bioavailability of PF-05175157 as powder-in-capsule and a tablet formulation and the effect of food on the pharmacokinetics of the tablet formulation. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy male and/or female subjects between the ages of 18 and 55 years, inclusive * Women must be of non childbearing potential * Body Mass Index (BMI) of 25 to 35 kg/m2; and a total body weight \>50 kg (110 lbs) Exclusion Criteria: * Evidence or history of clinically significant hematological, renal, endocrine, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, hepatic, psychiatric, neurologic, or allergic (including drug allergies, but excluding untreated, asymptomatic, seasonal allergies at time of dosing) disease or clinical findings at Screening. * Active ocular disease including infection, glaucoma, seasonal allergies, dry eye symptoms, optic nerve disease or retinal disease. * History of habitual smoking in the past 5 years or history or evidence of habitual use of other (non smoked) tobacco or nicotine-containing products within 3 months of Screening or positive cotinine test at Screening or Day 0
A Single and Multiple Dose Study of Canagliflozin in Healthy Volunteers An Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel-Group, Single-Center Study to Evaluate the Single and Multiple Dose Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Characteristics of JNJ-28431754 (Canagliflozin) in Healthy Subjects The purpose of this study is to determine blood and urine concentrations of canagliflozin and glucose in healthy adult volunteers after administration of single and multiple doses of canagliflozin. This is an open-label (volunteers and study staff will know the name and dose of the treatment assigned), single-center study of canagliflozin (JNJ-28431754) in healthy adult volunteers. Canagliflozin (a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2-inhibitor) is currently under development to lower blood sugar levels in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Healthy volunteers will take canagliflozin 50 mg, 100 mg, or 300 mg tablets, orally (by mouth), once daily on Day 1 and on Days 4 to 9. All study drug administration will occur at approximately the same time each morning with 240 mL of noncarbonated water and will be followed by a standardized breakfast within 10 minutes. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy volunteers with a body mass index (BMI, a measure of a person's weight in relation to height) between 18 and 30 kg/m2, inclusive, and a body weight of not less than 50 kg Exclusion Criteria: * History of or current clinically significant medical illness as determined by the Investigator * History of clinically significant allergies, especially known hypersensitivity or intolerance to drugs or lactose * Known allergy to canagliflozin or any of the excipients of the formulation of canagliflozin
Goal-Directed Fluid Therapy for Thoracoscopic Lobectomy Goal-Directed Fluid Therapy Versus Conventional Fluid Therapy for Thoracoscopic Lobectomy in the ERAS Era: A Randomized Controlled Trial The investigators aimed to examine the effect of goal-directed fluid therapy (GDFT) compared to conventional fluid therapy in thoracoscopic lobectomy surgery with ERAS protocol on intraoperative pulmonary oxygenation and 30-day patient outcomes including postoperative morbidity and mortality. The primary outcome measure of the study was the PaO2/FiO2 ratio (change in pulmonary oxygenation) during one-lung ventilation, and the secondary outcomes were postoperative morbidity, quality of recovery, 30-day re-admission, and mortality rate. This randomized controlled study analyzed 80 adult patients who underwent thoracoscopic lobectomy surgery with the ERAS protocol. In addition to standard monitoring in the operating room, all participants underwent Pressure Recording Analytical Method (PRAM) monitoring with the help of intra-arterial pressure monitoring method. Participants were randomly assigned to GDFT and conventional fluid therapy groups. In the GDFT group, fluid, inotropic agent and/or vasopressor therapy was administered by targeting stroke volume variation (SVV) and cardiac index (CI). In the control group, fluid and/or vasopressor therapy was administered with the guidance of MAP 65-95 mmHg and urine output at least 0.5 mL/kg/hr. Intraoperative hemodynamic data, amount and types of fluid administered, inotropic and vasopressor agents were recorded. Vital signs, pulmonary, cardiac and other system morbidity, quality of recovery on days 1, 3 and 5 in the postoperative care unit and in the ward, and re-admission to hospital and mortality within 30 days were recorded. Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18-65 years. * ASA Physical Status Classification I-II. * Undergoing elective thoracoscopic lobectomy with the ERAS protocol. * Provided informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Age \< 18 or \> 65 years. * ASA Physical Status Classification III or higher. * Patients not in sinus rhythm, and with recent oral beta-blocker use. * Patients with cardiac/renal/hepatic insufficiency, valvular heart disease (aortic or mitral valve insufficiency or stenosis) * Patients with abnormal preoperative lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 second less than 50% of predicted values) * Patients with severe obesity (BMI\>35 kg/m2) * Patients who cannot be applied to the ERAS protocol * Emergency surgery. * Refusal to provide informed consent.
Follow-up of a Cohort of Patients With Myasthenic Syndrome and COVID-19 Infection Follow-up of a Cohort of Patients With Myasthenic Syndrome and COVID-19 Infection: Consequences on the Severity of Myasthenic Syndrome and Reciprocal Impact of the Two Pathologies on Their Respective Treatments Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), declared by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a "public health emergency of international concern" (January 31, 2020), has posed a significant threat to global health. This infectious disease, caused by the 'severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2'(SARS-CoV-2), was first reported in China at the end of 2019. As other coronaviruses, SARS-CoV-2 primarily targets the human respiratory system. The most common symptoms are fever, fatigue, and dry cough. During the second week of the disease, part of patients may progress to shortness of breath, then hypoxemia and severe pneumonia. Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), linked to some risk factors such as advanced age and underlying comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease), may be fatal and needs early supportive therapy and monitoring. Some patients with COVID-19 experienced neurological complications including headache, dizziness, hypogeusia and/or anosmia, altered level of consciousness, strokes, seizures, and ataxia, less frequently neuromuscular disorders (NMD) such as acute inflammatory polyradiculoneuropathy. Among NMD, myasthenia gravis (MG) patients, particularly susceptible to infections causing crises, could be of special risk of COVID-19 ARDS. Some general recommendations were established for the management of NMD during the COVID-19 pandemic,with also specific recommendations for MG. However, only data on a small number of patients who were managed in hospital are currently available;in addition, only two cases of myasthenic crisis following COVID-19 were reported. For this reason, the French neuromuscular rare disease network (FILNEMUS: 'FILière NEuroMUSculaire') has created the 'CO-MY-COVID register' to describe the clinical course and prognosis of patients with COVID-19 and pre-existing myasthenic syndrome. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), declared by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a "public health emergency of international concern" (January 31, 2020), has posed a significant threat to global health. This infectious disease, caused by the 'severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2'(SARS-CoV-2), was first reported in China at the end of 2019. Nowadays, with the exception of Antarctica, COVID-19 is a worldwide pandemic that continues to spread around the world (8,065,966 known cases and 437,604 deaths in June 16, 2020; https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/). As other coronaviruses, SARS-CoV-2 primarily targets the human respiratory system. Its most convincing mode of transmission is inhalation of infectious aerosols or direct contact of infected people's droplets. The most common symptoms are fever, fatigue, and dry cough. During the second week of the disease, part of patients may progress to shortness of breath, then hypoxemia and severe pneumonia. Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), linked to some risk factors such as advanced age and underlying comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease), may be fatal and needs early supportive therapy and monitoring. Some patients with COVID-19 experienced neurological complications including headache, dizziness, hypogeusia and/or anosmia, altered level of consciousness, strokes, seizures, and ataxia, less frequently neuromuscular disorders (NMD) such as acute inflammatory polyradiculoneuropathy. Among NMD, myasthenia gravis (MG) patients, particularly susceptible to infections causing crises, could be of special risk of COVID-19 ARDS. Some general recommendations were established for the management of NMD during the COVID-19 pandemic,with also specific recommendations for MG. However, only data on a small number of patients who were managed in hospital are currently available;in addition, only two cases of myasthenic crisis following COVID-19 were reported. For this reason, the French neuromuscular rare disease network (FILNEMUS: 'FILière NEuroMUSculaire') has created the 'CO-MY-COVID register' to describe the clinical course and prognosis of patients with COVID-19 and pre-existing myasthenic syndrome. Inclusion Criteria: * 1. Child or adult patients, living or deceased, presenting or having presented a myasthenic syndrome and a COVID-19 infection 2. Myasthenic syndrome is established by: * Either the presence of a specific antibody * Either the presence of specific electrophysiological abnormalities * Either an evocative symptomatology improved by a therapeutic test with an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor * Either one or two pathogenic mutation (s) in a gene involved in congenital myasthenic syndromes (dominant or recessive disease). 3. COVID-19 infection is established by * Either a positive PCR test * Or a specific chest scanner * Either a positive serology * Either a clinical syndrome of COVID-19, validated by a committee of experts. 4. Patients affiliated or beneficiaries of a social security scheme 5. For living patients: patients who have been informed of the study and have not exercised their right of opposition or parents or holders of parental authority who have been informed of the study and have not exercised their right opposition. For deceased patients: beneficiaries or parents / holders of parental authority having been informed of the study and not having exercised their right of objection. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Persons placed under judicial protection
Pelvic Organ Prolapse Repair Plus Mini-Sling Versus Pelvic Organ Prolapse Repair Alone URINARY INCONTINENCE AND URO-GENITAL PROLAPSE: A RANDOMIZED TRIAL OF PELVIC ORGAN PROLAPSE REPAIR PLUS MINI-SLING VERSUS PELVIC ORGAN PROLAPSE REPAIR ALONE The investigators have performed colposacropexy in women with uterovaginal prolapse for many years with satisfactory results. This study was designed to compare whether, in the treatment of patients with uro-genital prolapse and urinary incontinence, the addition of a contemporary anti-incontinence procedure such as mini-sling is associated with a reduction of post-operative urinary incontinence (correction of pre-existent urinary incontinence and prevention of masked urinary incontinence). Inclusion Criteria: * Patients affected by III-IV grade urogenital urogenital prolapsed and urinary incontinence * Candidates for pelvic organ prolapsed repair using sacropexy * Prospectively randomized, using a predetermined computer-generated randomization code (4 blocks), to sacropexy plus anti-incontinence procedure (mini-sling) or sacropexy alone Exclusion Criteria: * fertile patients * contraindication to major surgery * uterine cancer
Pain Education to Improve Cancer Pain Management Patients Effectiveness of Pain Education to Improve Cancer Pain Management in Hospitalized Patients Cancer pain is one of the problems of treating cancer pain. Although, there is a WHO analgesic ladder to improve this problem, it is still inadequate pain control. Pain does not affect only physical but also emotional and quality of life. From review literatures we found that patients' knowledge about cancer pain management is inaccurate; for example, fear to use opioid, try to patience of pain, concerning only cancer treatments, which can cause of unfavorable pain management outcome. Therefore, we will conduct the RCT of using pain education by video comparing to conventional face to face pain education by nurse in hospitalized cancer pain patients.We will use 25 MCQs examination for testing pre-post intervention to test level of understanding of patients. The measurements are NRS, ThaiHADs and FACT-G at the first and last day of study. We expect that NRS should improve more than 50% at the seven day of study. protocol Randomized controlled trial study Sample size is 70 patients divided to 2 groups (35 for video group and 35 for conventional face to face group) Inclusion criteria 1. patients' age 18-70 years old 2. moderate to severe cancer pain 3. ECOG(Eastern cooperative Oncology Group) performance status \<= 3 4. Patients can write and read Thai language Exclusion criteria 1.Clinical unstability 2.Confusion and delirium 3.Bed ridden 4.Psychotic problem We will randomly allocate patients by using computer program nQuery advice 6.0. After patients sign inform consent we will record baseline characteristics, assess baseline Numerical rating scale (NRS), emotional status (ThaiHADs), Quality of life status (FACT-G). All patients will do the 25 MCQs test within 30 minutes before intervention. Video group will watch video 10 minutes and conventional group will receive pain education from trained nurse in the same period. The knowledge includes cancer pain definition, cancer pain management, pain assessment and role of patients in cancer pain management. After finishing intervention patients will the same 25 MCQs test (30 minutes) and patients can ask questions to the trained nurse. All patients will be educated to record pain diary everyday for seven days. All patients will receive standard pain management from the physicians. At the day seven we will assess NRS, ThaiHADs and FACT-G and finish the study. Inclusion Criteria: * moderate to severe pain (NRS\>4) cancer pain * ECOG (Eastern cooperative Oncology group) performance status \<=3 * Can read, listen, write Thai language Exclusion Criteria: * Clinical instability * Confusion and delirium * Bed ridden * Psychotic problem
Primary Urethral Realignment Versus Suprapubic Cystostomy After Pelvic Fracture Urethral Injury The Outcomes of Primary Urethral Realignment Versus Suprapubic Cystostomy After Pelvic Fracture Urethral Injury Pelvic fracture urethral injuries (PFUI) occur in up to 10% of pelvic fractures. It remains controversial whether initial urethral realignment after PFUI decreases rates of urethral obstruction and the need for subsequent urethral procedures. The retrospective record review should determine the utility of acute urethral realignment after PFUI. A retrospective chart review to compare outcomes between urethral realignment (group 1) and suprapubic tube (SPT) placement (group 2). The comparison will be between two routinely practiced management approaches of urethral injury after pelvic fracture. Prior studies demonstrate urethral realignment is associated with a 15% to 50% reduction in urethral obstruction, however, it has also been associated with higher rates of incontinence and erectile dysfunction. Our hypothesis is that early realignment of traumatic urethral injuries after pelvic fracture lowers the incidence of complications like urethral strictures and subsequent need for surgeries. Inclusion Criteria: Men \> 18 years old Blunt force trauma Presence of pelvic fracture Urethral injury Inability to pass a Foley catheter retrograde through the injury into the bladder Exclusion Criteria: Straddle type urethral injuries without a pelvic fracture Passage of a catheter successfully in a retrograde fashion
Patient Preference, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety/Depression: A Randomized Comparison of Etravirine and Efavirenz Patient Preference, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety/Depression: A Randomized Comparison of Etravirine and Efavirenz Efavirenz causes neuropsychiatric side effects and sleep disturbance, including vivid dreams, dizziness, and abnormal tiredness. These symptoms are frequent during the first weeks of treatment, with subsequent attenuation but may not completely resolve even years after efavirenz initiation. The investigators plan a twelve week, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study. In group 1, efavirenz will be replaced with efavirenz placebo plus etravirine, in group 2, efavirenz would be continued, and etravirine placebo given in addition. After six weeks, patients in group 1 would switch to the regimen of group 2, and vice versa. The primary endpoint of the trial will be patient preference. Sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and anxiety will also be investigated. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients \> 18 years * Signing the study consent form and agree to change ART regimen * Stable HAART including EFV since at least 3 months * HIV-RNA below 50 copies for at least 3 months Exclusion Criteria: * No major psychiatric disease (psychosis, severe depression) diagnosed before the initiation of EFV * Mentally incompetent patients * Pregnancy or lactation Women of childbearing potential must use one or two reliable contraceptive methods during the trial, from day 1 to the end of week 12. Acceptable methods include the birth control pill, IUD, condoms with spermicides. Non-acceptable methods include (non-exhaustive list): Withdrawal, calendar (Onigo method), or spermicides alone. * Concomitant renal or hepatic disease: * Creatinine above 150 micromol/L * Transaminases above 5 times upper normal limit * Prothrombin (Quick) value below 50%
Topotecan Episcleral Plaque for Treatment of Retinoblastoma Phase I Sustained-Release Topotecan Episcleral Plaque (Chemoplaque) for Retinoblastoma This single site, single-arm, non-randomized, dose escalation phase I toxicity clinical trial will assess primarily the safety and secondarily the efficacy of episcleral topotecan in patients with active de novo or residual or recurrent intraocular retinoblastoma in at least one eye following completion of first-line therapy. Retinoblastoma is the most common pediatric malignant intraocular tumour and originates from the retina. Treatment of eyes with advanced intraocular retinoblastoma remains a challenge. The historic standard of care for patients with unilateral disease is enucleation and for those with bilateral disease, a variety of modalities have been tried. These include radiation therapy, systemic chemotherapy, periocular administration of chemotherapy, selective intra-arterial chemotherapy, and intravitreal chemotherapy. Unfortunately, all of these modalities are associated with significant morbidity and investigators are looking for new ways to treat these patients either with novel directed drug delivery methods or with new less toxic agents. This study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of topotecan delivered directly to the eye using a novel sustained-release topotecan episcleral plaque (also referred to as a Chemoplaque) in patients with active residual or recurrent intraocular retinoblastoma in at least one eye following completion of first-line therapy. The study intervention involves the insertion and removal of the Chemoplaque, examinations under anaesthesia (EUAs), visits to clinic to monitor for adverse events throughout, and post plaque removal toxicity evaluation. EUAs, clinic visits and laboratory tests are standard of care for retinoblastoma patients. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age. Participants must be \<18 years of age. 2. Diagnosis and Treatment. Participants must have: (i) active residual or recurrent intraocular retinoblastoma following completion of first-line therapy (chemotherapy, systemic or intra-arterial, focal therapy or brachytherapy), or (ii) unilateral Group B, C, D or cT1b, cT2 retinoblastoma at diagnosis with no previous treatment. 3. One eye will be the Study Eye. When participants have two eyes with retinoblastoma, the eye with worst disease or best vision potential will be designated the Study Eye. There will only be one eye per child treated in this Phase I study, since treatment of two eyes would double the systemic dose of drug. The Non-study eye will be treated by standard of care, with only focal therapy during the Study Period, if required. 4. Disease status. Study eye must have vision potential and no clinical features suggestive of high risk of extraocular extension. 5. Performance status. Lansky play score ≥ 50 if \<16 years of age; Karnofsky performance scale of ≥ 50 if ≥16 years of age (Appendix I) 6. Organ function: 1. Adequate bone marrow function and platelet count 2. Adequate renal function 3. Adequate liver function 7. Pregnancy prevention. Females of reproductive potential must agree to the use of highly effective contraception during study participation and for an additional 40 days after the end of the Chemoplaque administration 8. Informed consent. All participants and/or their parents or legally authorized representatives must have the ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent. Assent, where appropriate, will also be obtained. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Disease status. Participants known to have any of the following are excluded: 1. clinical or EUA evidence of extraocular extension 2. known metastatic disease status and intercurrent illness 3. existing clinical and neuroimaging showing suspicion of, or definitive, 2. Allergy. Participants with reported allergy to topotecan, camptothecin or derivatives thereof. 3. Concomitant treatment. Participants may not receive chemotherapy or other focal retinoblastoma therapy or any other investigational agent within 3 weeks of the placement and removal of the Chemoplaque, nor while the Chemoplaque is in situ. 4. Uncontrolled intercurrent illness. Participants with known uncontrolled intercurrent illness that, in the investigator's opinion, would put the participant at undue risk or limit compliance with the study requirements. 5. Febrile illness. Participants with clinically significant febrile illness (as determined by the investigator) within one week prior to initiation of protocol therapy. 6. Pregnancy and lactation. Females of reproductive potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test within 72 hours prior to initiation of protocol therapy. Due to the unknown but potential risk for adverse events (AEs) in nursing infants secondary to treatment of the mother with the study agents, breastfeeding must be discontinued if the mother is treated on study. 7. Compliance. Any condition of diagnosis that could in the opinion of the Principal Investigator or delegate interfere with the participant's ability to comply with the study instruction, might confound the interpretation of the study results, or put the participant at risk.
The Goals of Care Initiative A Hybrid Implementation-effectiveness Stepped Wedge Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial to Determine the Effectiveness of the Goals of Care Initiative A single site hybrid implement-evaluation stepped wedge cluster randomised controlled trial in which cancer cluster groups (lung, colorectal, breast, renal, ovarian, upper GI \& sarcoma) are randomised sequentially to initiate the Goals of Care Initiative into clinical practice. Inclusion Criteria: * Undergoing, or being considered for, systemic treatment from one of the cluster teams. * 18+ years. * Able to give written consent. * Able to understand verbal and written English. Exclusion Criteria: • Patient is not being considered for Systemic Anti-Cancer Treatment.
Virtual Reality and Fatigue Education The Effect of Virtual Reality and Fatigue Education on Fatigue and Anxiety Levels in Children With Cancer It was planned to evaluate the effect of distraction intervention with virtual reality and fatigue education on the level of fatigue and anxiety in children with cancer. H1: The fatigue scores of the patients who received distraction intervention with virtual reality and were given fatigue training were lower than the group that was given only fatigue training. H2: The anxiety scores of the patients who received distraction intervention with virtual reality and were given fatigue training were lower than the group that was given only fatigue training. Data collection After the child and his family are informed about the study, their written informed consent will be obtained. All children included in the study on the day (day 0) prior to the start of chemotherapy treatment will be given training on fatigue. In order to determine how he felt and his level of fatigue on the day of the training, it was planned to apply the Child Anxiety Scale-State (CAS-D), Child Fatigue Scale-24 Hours and Visual Fatigue Scale at 16.00 (pretest). After randomization is achieved, a distraction intervention will be applied once a day for 10-15 minutes with virtual glasses on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd days of the chemotherapy treatment of the children in the study group. This intervention is planned to take place between 14.00-15.00 in the afternoon. Inclusion Criteria: * Be between 7-18 years old * Inpatient chemotherapy treatment for more than three days * 4 weeks over the time of diagnosis (not in the induction phase) * Having a hemoglobin level above the criteria for transfusion of blood products (8 mg/dl for hematological malignancies, below 7 mg/dl for oncological malignancies). * The child voluntarily agrees to participate in the study and consent is obtained from the child and parent Exclusion Criteria: * Being in terminal period * undergoing a surgical operation * Unwillingness to participate in the study
The Development of a Psychoeducational Tool to Manage Anxiety in People With Autism Spectrum Disorders The Development of a Psychoeducation Tool to Manage Anxiety in People With Autism Spectrum Disorders: the Managing Anxiety iN Autism GuidE (MANAGE) The purpose of this pilot intervention trial is to assess the efficacy of newly developed psychoeducation guides designed to manage anxiety in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) by recruiting 30 participants with ASD and high levels of anxiety along with their parent/caregivers who both receive a version of the psychoeducation guide. ASDs have a devastating impact on adaptive function; current UK lifetime costs of supporting a person with an ASD, along with the opportunity costs of lost productivity, are estimated at £0.8-1.2 million per year (Knapp, Romeo, \& Beecham, 2009). The impact of having an anxiety disorder has also been shown to affect an individual's quality of life and functioning over and above physical illness, major depression and socioeconomic factors (Stein et al., 2010). Around 40% of individuals with ASD will also have anxiety symptoms, and treatment for additional mental health problems is also costly. Early work using clinical therapies with individuals with ASD such as modified CBT indicate that the anxious symptoms which co-occur with ASD can be modified and improvements to the anxiety recorded although further work is needed. Therefore, focussing on interventions for individuals with ASD and anxiety may be very beneficial. However, not all individuals with ASD that also present with anxiety will require face to face therapy, therefore, psychoeducation could provide an effective and cost-effective way of improving mental health in ASD through self-help strategies. This could lead to improved outcomes for individuals and less burden on the clinical services supporting these families. The intervention is focused on psychoeducation. Four psychoeducation guides will be available: parent/caregiver, adult with ASD, adolescent with ASD, and child with ASD. Participants and their parents/caregivers will be give guides to read in their own time over a 4 week period. The guides will be designed to improve participant's and their parent/caregiver's knowledge of anxiety in ASD. The guides introduce the concept of anxiety and how it presents in individuals with ASD, different anxiety triggers, strategies that can be used to manage anxiety, and an introduction to specific anxiety disorders. Level of detail, language and presentation of content will vary across the guides to be appropriate for the functioning level of the readers. The aim of this study is to recruit 30 participants with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and high levels of anxiety (aged 8-25 years) and their parent/caregiver into a pilot trial of a psychoeducation intervention. Participants will be recruited through clinical services in South London and the Maudsley (SLaM) and Guy's and St Thomas' (GSTT) NHS trusts through the patient consent to contact register (C4C) in SLaM and via referral from clinical care co-ordinators in the clinics in each trust. Additional participants may be recruited from non-clinical sources such as research recruitment lists held by autism charities or advertisements, including local newsletters, social media sites, emails or letters. This is a pilot efficacy trial of newly developed psychoeducation guides employing a randomized, parallel-arm, intention to treat design with a 4 week intervention. Participant families will be randomly allocated (1:1) to either an immediate or a delayed start group to allow measurement of anxiety symptoms over a one month period with and without the psychoeducation guide. This design helps to control for the effects of attention (anxiety may show a large placebo response) while allowing all participants access to the intervention. The aim is to improve participants' and their parent/caregivers' knowledge of the presentation of anxiety in ASD and their confidence in using simple strategies in its management. The primary outcome is improvement of participant and parent/caregiver understanding of the presentation and simple management strategies for anxiety in ASD. Secondary outcomes include improvement in anxiety symptoms and confidence in managing anxiety, feedback on acceptability, usefulness and appropriateness of the guide. The trial analyses will be intention-to treat. Missing data will be imputed. The primary analysis will compare the groups randomized to immediate vs delayed treatment 4 weeks post randomisation when the immediate start group will have had the guide for 4 weeks and the delayed start group will have been on a "waiting list" for 4 weeks, this controls for attention and spontaneous improvement. The investigators will then check the two groups for comparability at pre-intervention time point (Time 1). If the two groups show similar baselines levels and magnitude of change in knowledge and symptom severity post intervention, they will be combined to gain a further estimate of the treatment effect. Both the knowledge/confidence measure and measure of anxiety symptoms, will be treated as continuous variables. Linear regression models will include baseline severity and randomisation group as predictors. The primary focus will be on parent-carer response but if sample sizes are sufficient, separate, parallel analyses will use data from individuals with ASD. Inclusion Criteria: * A diagnosis of ASD. * Elevated levels of anxiety according to baseline questionnaire measure (Screen for Anxiety Related Disorders; SCARED) * Have a parent/caregiver who is knowledgeable about participant's mental state and everyday activities and who can facilitate their use of the psychoeducation guide * Mental age of 8 years or older, the lowest age recommended to complete the standardised measure of anxiety. Exclusion Criteria: * Participants or consultees, where relevant, who are unwilling to participate * Participants who do not have a reasonable level of English. This is because a reasonable level of English will be required to engage with the guide, which is presently written in English and the questionnaires and/or interview questions about the guide. With younger participants with ASD using the materials, English should be the language used at home and school. * Participants with any significant safeguarding concerns or involvement with court proceedings. * Participants who are due to commence or have a major change in psychological or pharmacological treatment for their anxiety at a similar time to being given the psychoeducation guide.
A Study of IVX-A12 in Adults Participants A Phase 2, Randomized, Modified Double-Blind, Active Controlled Study to Characterize the Safety and Immunogenicity of IVX-A12 in Adults 60 Years of Age and Older The primary purpose of this study is to assess the immunogenicity and safety of IVX-A12 in adults 60 years of age and older. This is a randomized, modified double-blind, active controlled study to characterize the immunogenicity and safety of IVX-A12. Approximately 140 participants will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive IVX-A12 (approximately 70) or licensed respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccine (approximately 70). The study is planned to be conducted at approximately 5 sites in the United States. The duration of each participant's involvement in the study will be approximately 6 months following administration of study vaccination. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Adults \>=60 years of age at the time of signing informed consent. 2. Participants who are medically stable according to the judgment of the Investigator. 3. Able to understand and comply with study requirements/procedures based on the assessment of the Investigator. 4. Capable of giving signed informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Acute (time-limited) or febrile (temperature \>=38.0 °C \[100.4 ºF\]) illness/infection within 3 days of planned dosing. 2. History of a clinically significant bleeding disorder (e.g., factor deficiency, coagulopathy, or platelet disorder), or prior history of significant bleeding or bruising following IM injections or venipuncture. 3. History of hypersensitivity to any component of the study vaccination. 4. History of severe adverse reaction associated with a vaccine and/or severe allergic reaction (e.g., anaphylaxis). 5. Known or suspected congenital or acquired immunodeficiency. 6. Known or suspected autoimmune condition as determined by history and/or physical examination. 7. History of Guillain-Barré syndrome or any other demyelinating condition. 8. History of malignancy other than treated non-melanoma skin cancers or locally-treated cervical cancer in previous 5 years. 9. Any condition that may significantly increase the risk to the participant because of participation in the study, impact the participant's ability to participate in the study, or impair the interpretation of the study data. 10. Receipt of any licensed or investigational RSV and/or Human metapneumovirus (hMPV) vaccine any time prior to administration of study intervention. 11. Receipt of any licensed vaccine (other than licensed influenza or COVID-19 vaccines) within 28 days prior to or expected receipt within 28 days after administration of study intervention. Licensed influenza or COVID-19 vaccines are permitted beginning greater than (\>)14 days prior to and \>14 days after administration of study intervention. 12. Receipt of immunoglobulin or blood products within 3 months prior to administration of study intervention or expected receipt during the study. 13. Receipt of immune-modifying drugs or immunosuppressive therapy, such as anti-cancer chemotherapy or radiation therapy within 6 months prior to enrollment (or expected receipt during study), or long-term systemic corticosteroid therapy (prednisolone or equivalent at a dose of \>=20 mg daily or every other day for more than 2 consecutive weeks) within 6 months prior to study intervention or anticipated receipt during study. 14. Participation in another study or receiving interventional study investigational medicinal product (IMP), in the preceding 28 days or expected receipt of another study intervention (or participation in another study) during the period of study follow-up. 15. Employees of the Sponsor involved in planning, executing, supervising, or reviewing the IVX-A12 program, clinical study site staff, or any other individuals involved with the conduct of the study, or immediate family members of such individuals. 16. Alcohol or substance abuse that, in the opinion of the Investigator, might interfere with the study conduct or completion. 17. Deprived of freedom by an administrative or court order, or in emergency setting, or hospitalized involuntarily. 18. Judgment by the Investigator that the participant should not participate in the study if the participant is unlikely to comply with study procedures, restrictions, and requirements.
Rhythm Control and Potential Early Surgery for Tricuspid Regurgitation Tricuspid Regurgitation Due to Atrial Fibrillation - Impact of Rhythm Control and Early Surgery (TR-ES Study) The purpose of this study is to understand the clinical impact of non-surgical and surgical treatment in atrial fibrillation induced tricuspid regurgitation (AFTR). Inclusion Criteria: * Age ≥ 18 years. * Moderate-severe or severe TR while in atrial fibrillation. * Ambulatory (not wheelchair/scooter dependent). Exclusion Criteria: * Systolic pulmonary artery pressure\>70 mmHg with a fixed pulmonary vascular resistance \>7 Wood units by catheterization. * Ejection fraction \<40%. * Obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. * Constrictive pericarditis or tamponade. * Active myocarditis. * Complex congenital heart disease. * Other valve disease requiring surgical intervention. * Terminal illness (other than HF) with expected survival of less than 1 year. * Pregnancy or breastfeeding mothers.
Neoadjuvant FDR GX in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer Phase II Study of Fixed Dose Rate Gemcitabine Plus Capecitabine in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer The rationale for phase II trial of neoadjuvant fixed dose rate gemcitabine plus capecitabine for patients with LAPC includes the following: First, obtaining a sufficient tumor down-staging to procure R0/R1 resection, reported to be one of the most significant prognostic factors for survival; second, providing an observation period to exclude from surgery those patients with rapidly progressive disease there by to help select patients for surgery who have the greatest likelihood of a favorable postoperative outcome; third, eliminating micrometastatic disease, that is likely present in most patients, earlier than adjuvant setting and preventing post-surgical growth spurts; fourth, adjuvant therapy given in the neoadjuvant setting is better tolerated, as the patient has not recently undergone a major operation; and the last, the lack of widely accepted optimal preoperative or palliative approach in patients with LAPC, the majority of whom may not be operated on. The primary goal is to determine the R0 resection rate of the neoadjuvant fixed dose rate (FDR) gemcitabine-capecitabine combination chemotherapy in patients with borderline resectable or unresectable locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The secondary goals are to assess progression-free survival (PFS) and OS (overall survival) in these patients and to assess adverse events of these neoadjuvant treatments. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically or cytologically documented pancreatic adenocarcinoma * Clinical T3 or T4 tumor according to AJCC staging system * Tumors considered as borderline resectable or unresectable disease assessed by multidisciplinary team including pancreatic surgeon, gastroenterologist specializing in pancreas, medical oncologist, and radiation oncologist * Age 18 years or older * ECOG performance status 2 or less * Adequate organ function * Adequate bone marrow function (WBCs\> 3,500/µL, absolute neutrophil count \[ANC\]\> 1,500/µL, hemoglobin \> 9.0 g/dL, and platelets \> 100,000/µL) * Adequate kidney function (creatinine \< 1.5 mg/dL) * Adequate liver function (bilirubin \< 1.5 mg/dL \[\<2.5 mg/dL for patients with obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic cancer with adequate decompression\], transaminases levels \< 3 times the upper normal limit) * Patients must not have psychological, familial, sociological or geographical conditions which do not permit medical follow-up and compliance with this study * Women of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test on admission. Post-menopausal women must have been amenorrheic for at least 12 months to be considered of non-childbearing potential. Men and women of reproductive potential must have agreed to use an effective method of contraception while on treatment and for 6 months after study treatment * The patient must be able to understand the study and has given written informed consent to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * Other tumor type than adenocarcinoma * Evidence of gastrointestinal bleeding or obstruction * Presence of the clinically relevant ascites or distant metastases * Past or concurrent history of malignant neoplasm, except for curatively treated non-melanoma skin cancer or in situ carcinoma of the cervix uteri * Pregnant or lactating women, women of childbearing potential not employing adequate contraception * Hypersensitivity to any of the study drugs or ingredients * Other serious illness or medical conditions * Unstable cardiac disease despite treatment, myocardial infarction within 6 months prior to study entry * History of significant neurologic or psychiatric disorders including dementia or seizures * Active uncontrolled infection * Pre-existing clinically significant diarrhea * Active peptic ulcer * Severe hypercalcemia of 12 mg/dL uncontrolled with bisphosphonates * Active disseminated intravascular coagulation * Other serious underlying medical conditions which could impair the ability of the patient to participate in the study * Concomitant or administration of any other experimental drug under investigation within 3 weeks before the study * Concomitant chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, or immunotherapy
ARV Concentrations in Hair IGHID 11601 - Measuring Antiretroviral Concentrations in Hair Hair samples from subjects on antiretroviral therapy, both HIV- and HIV+ patients with HIV RNA \<50copies/mL for \>6 months will be analyzed to investigate the influence of race, hair color and hair treatment on ARV response. A small thatch of hair (approximately 20 strands) will be collected from 85 participants who are currently taking antiretrovirals (ARVs). Hair collection will be evenly distributed into color cohorts: Black, Brown, Blonde and Grey. Participants will need to be \>80% adherent to their medication and have had an undetectable HIV RNA VL within the previous 6 months. In the lab, samples will be used to develop IR-MALDESI MSI hair protocols for high sensitivity and accuracy to quantify ARVs in 5 therapeutic drug classes (Integrase Inhibitors, Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors, Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors, Entry Inhibitors, Protease Inhibitors). Inclusion Criteria: * HIV Negative or HIV positive individuals, aged 18 years or older, who have been taking their ARV medication for at least 3 months and are adherent based on blood plasma HIV RNA of \<50 copies/mL or HIV negative status. Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects non-adherent to anti-retroviral regimen * Subjects not willing or able to provide head hair sample
Evaluation of Safety and Efficacy of TUG (Therapeutic Ultrasound for Glaucoma) in the Treatment of Primary Open Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension A Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Masked, 8-week Pilot Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of the TUG (Therapeutic Ultrasound for Glaucoma) Compared to Sham in Subjects With Primary Open Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension The purpose of this study is to evaluate whether the TUG device is safe and effective in patients with primary open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Inclusion Criteria: * At least 18 years of age * Diagnosis of primary open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension in both eyes * Be willing to discontinue disallowed products and/or medications during the period indicated prior to participation or throughout the study * Be willing to provide written informed consent * Be willing and able to follow instructions * A negative urine pregnancy test and agree to an acceptable form of contraception for the duration of the study (if female of childbearing potential) Exclusion Criteria: * Any form of glaucoma other than primary open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension in either eye * Prior or anticipated concurrent use of an investigational drug or device * Be currently pregnant, nursing, or planning a pregnancy; or be a woman that has a positive pregnancy test * Have a condition (ocular or systemic) or a situation which, in the Investigator's opinion, may put the subject at increased risk, may confound study data, or may interfere significantly with the subject's study participation
The Evaluation of Mozart Music on Pain and Respiratory Rate After Thyroidectomy The Evaluation of Mozart Music on Pain and Respiratory Rate After Thyroidectomy To investigate the effect of Mozart music on postoperative pain and physiological parameters in patients after total thyroidectomy. Postoperative pain is a major concern in postsurgical patients. Meanwhile, there is a general consensus on minimizing the use of analgesic drugs in patients undergoing total thyroidectomy. Therefore, alternative methods need to be investigated in order to reduce postoperative pain. Although the clinical importance of music has been recognised in other pathological situations, further research is needed to investigate the effect of music on postoperative pain. Inclusion Criteria: * Adults scheduled for total thyroidectomy under general anesthesia Exclusion Criteria: * Visual impairments * Hearing impairments * Severe anxiety or other psychiatric disorders * History of chronic pain * Past complications during anesthesia or surgery * American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status beyond II
Treatment of Myofascial Pain Syndrome With Lidocaine Injection and Physical Therapy. Treatment of Myofascial Pain Syndrome With Lidocaine Injection and Physical Therapy, Alone or in Combination: a Single-blind, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial. Background: Myofascial pain syndrome (MPS) of the shoulder girdle and cervical region is a common musculoskeletal problem that is often chronic or recurrent. It has demonstrated the effectiveness of different treatments such as exercise, injection but not comparing them with each other. The objective of this research was to demonstrate whether lidocaine injection into trigger points combined with a physical therapy program was more effective than each separatetreatment in improving pain, function and quality of life in a group of patients with myofascial pain syndrome (MPS) of the shoulder girdle and cervical region. Design: Single-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial with three parallel groups in the departments of physical medicine and rehabilitation of two urban hospitals. There were 127 patients with myofascial pain in the shoulder girdle for more than six weeks in length and pain greater than 40 mm on the visual analog scale (VAS). There were three intervention groups: physical therapy (PT), lidocaine injection (LI), or the combination of both (PT + LI). The primary outcome at one month was the VAS, and the secondary outcomes were measured using the SF36 pain scaleat one and three months. Keywords: Myofascial pain, trigger points, lidocaine injection, physical therapy. We propose a double blind randomized controlled clinical trial, in different health centers in Medellin. The subjects are patients with myofascial trigger points (MTP) in muscles of the shoulder girdle (levator scapulae, trapezius, infraspinatus) diagnosed by neck ans shoulder pain lasting langer than 6 weeks, and that have not received rehabilitation treatment and are not currently taking analgesic medications. We have calculated a sample of 45 patients in each group. The physical and rehabilitation doctors who evaluated the patients and the nurse who assessed the patients were blinded to treatment allocation. Physicians who performed the MTP injection did not participate in the evaluation of primary and secondary outcomes. Physical therapists who conducted the therapeutic exercise program did not participate in the evaluation of primary and secondary outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: * Cervical Pain at least six weeks * At least 40 mm in the VAS * They cannot been received treatment like physical therapy or analgesics * Maximum score of PHQ 16 points Exclusion Criteria: * Depression * Fibromyalgia * Cervical Radiculopathy
Safety Trial of Monovalent Whole Virus Influenza (H1N1) Vaccine Evaluation of The Safety and Immunogenicity of an Influenza A/H1N1 Vaccine (IVACFLU), Produced by IVAC, in Healthy Adults in Vietnam The study hypothesis is that two 0.5 ml doses of non-adjuvanted whole virion monovalent A/H1N1 influenza vaccine (IVACFLU)--each dose with an HA content of 15 mcg from A/California/07/2009 (H1N1)-like virus--will be safe and immunogenic in healthy adults. This is a phase I, double-blind, individually-randomized (1:1, vaccine:placebo), controlled trial with two groups, IVACFLU (A/H1N1) and placebo. Healthy male and female adults 18 through 40 years of age will be invited to participate. In addition to sponsor monitoring of safety, Program for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH) will review safety data. Safety data through 7 days post-dose one for all subjects will be reviewed in a blinded fashion prior to administration of dose two of study vaccine or placebo. PATH will review all adverse events (AEs), including clinical laboratory evaluations (pre- and post-vaccination) and will advise if the volunteers may receive dose two of study vaccine or placebo. For all subjects, the procedures and timelines are summarized below. On the day of first screening (S1), about 14 days (between 5 and 30 days) prior to administration of dose one of study vaccine or placebo, subjects will be screened for eligibility through medical history review, physical examination, testing for serologic evidence of chronic viral infection \[human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV)\], routine biochemical and hematological blood tests and urinalysis by dipstick. For screening for serologic evidence of chronic viral infections, appropriate pre- and post-test counseling must be provided. Subject screening for eligibility will continue and be completed on the second screening day (S2). This second screening day will occur the same day as scheduled enrollment into the trial and administration of study vaccine or placebo (Day 0). Women will undergo pregnancy tests using urine samples on Day 0. Fully eligible subjects will be enrolled into the trial. At that time, blood specimens will be collected for immunological testing prior to administration of study vaccine or placebo. Subjects will be unaware of which allocation, IVACFLU or placebo, is received; study vaccine and placebo will be masked. Subjects will be carefully monitored for adverse reactions for 60 minutes after vaccination. During the first week following vaccination, subjects will be asked to record local and general signs and symptoms using preprinted diary cards, thermometer, and small ruler. Concomitant medications will also be recorded. In addition to solicited signs, subjects will be asked to report any other adverse events, whether or not they believe that the event is related to the vaccination. Member of the investigator's clinical team will visit subjects one and five days after vaccination to check that subjects are correctly completing the diary card and to check on the subjects' well-being. Subjects will then return to the study clinic 7 days after dose one. At that time, the investigator will check the subjects' diary cards and transcribe all adverse events onto the case report forms using medical language. Blood and urine specimens will also be collected for routine biochemical and hematological blood tests and urinalysis by dipstick. Two days before subjects are scheduled to receive dose two, subjects will be visited or called to remind them of the next visit to the study clinic and to check on the subjects' well-being. Subjects will return to the study clinic at 3 weeks after administration of dose one of study vaccine or placebo in order to receive dose two. At that time, interim histories and concomitant medications will be reviewed. Women will again undergo urine pregnancy tests. All subjects will undergo collection of blood and urine specimens for routine biochemical and hematological blood tests and urinalysis by dipstick and collection of blood serum specimens for immunologic analyses. Then subjects will receive dose two of study vaccine or placebo and be monitored for 60 minutes. After receipt of dose two, subjects will again complete diary cards for 7 days after vaccination with visits by members of the investigator's clinical team again at days one and five after vaccination to check that the subjects are correctly completing diary cards and to check on the subjects' well-being. Subjects will then return to the study clinic 7 days after dose two (Day 28) for review of diary cards by the investigator and collection of blood and urine specimens for routine biochemical and hematological blood tests and urinalysis by dipstick. Two days before the subjects' next scheduled visit at 3 weeks after administration of dose two, subjects will be visited or called to remind them of the next visit to the study clinic and to check on the subjects' well-being. Subjects will then return to the study clinic at 3 weeks after administration of dose two (Day 42) of study vaccine or placebo for another study visit. At that time, interim histories and concomitant medications will again be reviewed and final blood specimens will be collected for immunogenicity analyses. Women will also undergo a final pregnancy screen. Subjects will then be asked to immediately report severe adverse events (SAEs) which occur from Day 42 to Day 201 (approximately 6 months after receipt of dose two). To facilitate this reporting, a member of the investigator's team will visit or call the subjects monthly to check on their well-being. At last study visit on Day 201, subjects will be interviewed and examined one last time before completing the study. For the evaluation of serum antibodies (by hemagglutination inhibition and microneutralization), serum specimens will be collected on Day 0 (prior to administration of dose one of study vaccine or placebo), on Day 21 (prior to administration of dose two of study vaccine or placebo) and on Day 42. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female adult 18 (age of legal consent in Vietnam) through 40 years of age at the enrollment visit. * Literate and willing to provide written informed consent. * Free of obvious health problems, as established by the medical history and screening evaluations, including physical examination. * Capable and willing to complete diary cards and willing to return for all follow-up visits * For females, willing to utilize reliable birth control measures (intrauterine device, birth control pills, condoms) through the Day 42 visit. Exclusion Criteria: * Participation in another clinical trial involving any therapy within the previous three months or planned enrollment in such a trial during the period of this study. * Receipt of any non-study vaccine within four weeks prior to enrollment or refusal to postpone receipt of such vaccines until after the Day 42 visit. * Current or recent (within two weeks of enrollment) acute illness with or without fever. * Receipt of immune globulin or other blood products within three months prior to study enrollment or planned receipt of such products prior to the Day 42 visit. * Chronic administration (defined as more than 14 consecutively-prescribed days) of immunosuppressants or other immune-modulating therapy within six months prior to study enrollment. (For corticosteroids, this means prednisone or equivalent, \>=0.5 mg per kg per day; topical steroids are allowed.) * History of asthma. * Hypersensitivity after previous administration of any vaccine. * Other AE following immunization, at least possibly related to previous receipt of any vaccine. * Suspected or known hypersensitivity to any of the study vaccine components, including chicken or egg protein. * Known hypersensitivities (allergies) to food or the natural environment. * Acute or chronic clinically significant pulmonary, cardiovascular, hepatic, metabolic, neurologic, psychiatric or renal functional abnormality, as determined by medical history, physical examination or clinical laboratory screening tests, which in the opinion of the investigator, might interfere with the study objectives.. * History of leukemia or any other blood or solid organ cancer. * History of thrombocytopenic purpura or known bleeding disorder. * History of seizures. * Known or suspected immunosuppressed or immunodeficient condition of any kind, including HIV infection. * Known chronic HBV or HCV infection. * Known active tuberculosis or symptoms of active tuberculosis, regardless of cause. * History of chronic alcohol abuse and/or illegal drug use. * Pregnancy or lactation. (A negative pregnancy test will be required before administration of study vaccine or placebo for all women of childbearing potential.) * History of Guillain-Barre' Syndrome * Any condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, would increase the health risk to the subject if he/she participates in the study or would interfere with the evaluation of the study objectives.
Clinical Study to Evaluate the Tolerability, Safety and Efficacy of Enteric-coated Mycophenolate Sodium After Equimolar Conversion From Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) in Patients With Renal Transplant Open-label Study to Evaluate the Tolerability, Safety and Efficacy of the Equimolar Conversion From Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) to Enteric-Coated Mycophenolate Sodium (EC-MPS) in Patients With Renal Transplant The aim of the study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of equimolar conversion from MMF to enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium, in renal transplant patients receiving cyclosporine. Inclusion Criteria: * First or second (single or double) deceased or living donor kidney transplant received at least six months previously; * Immunosuppressive therapy with cyclosporin and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF); * Receiving an MMF dose of \<2/g/day because of any adverse event and/or altered laboratory test result attributed to MMF Exclusion Criteria: * • Subjects expected to discontinue cyclosporin therapy; * Patients with thrombocytopenia (\<75,000/mm3), an absolute neutrophil count of \<1,500/mm3 and/or leukopenia (\<2,500/mm3), or anemia (hemoglobin \<6 g/dl) at baseline; * Patients experiencing an acute rejection in the previous two months, with inadequate (creatininemia \>2.5 mg/dL) or worsening renal function in the previous two months.
Dynamic Thoracic Impedance as a Marker for Heart Failure Decompensation Dynamic Thoracic Impedance as a Marker for Heart Failure Decompensation: A Pilot Trial of the "Dynamic Thoracic Impedance Bed Rest Test" This pilot study proposes to perform measurements of approved thoracic impedance technology that will help answer questions in patients with decompensated heart failure. Improved metrics derived from the transthoracic impedance (Z) available from implanted Medtronic devices may provide more sensitive indicators of the state of compensation for heart failure patients. Quantification of specific data may provide new information that can improve quality of life for patients and offer vital information to clinicians regarding the adequacy of inpatient and outpatient assessment and management of acute decompensated heart failure. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with systolic dysfunction * Able to provide informed consent * Have a Medtronic manufactured device with Thoracic Impendence Monitoring capabilities Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with severe congestive heart failure who are intubated * Patients who are oxygen dependent on continuous positive or bilevel positive ventilation * Inability to tolerate postural variations due to congestive heart failure or other medical or surgical condition.Unable to complete proposed testing * Subjects who cannot giveWill not give written, informed consent on their own behalf
ADRENAL FUNCTION IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE HEPATITIS ASSESSMENT OF ADRENAL FUNCTION IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE HEPATITIS USING CONCENTRATION OF SERUM TOTAL CORTISOL, SERUM FREE AND SALIVARY CORTISOL A high frequency of adrenal dysfunction (AD) has been reported in severe acute hepatitis (SAH) using the dosage of serum total cortisol (STC). Because 90% of circulating serum cortisol is bound to proteins that are altered in SAH, we aimed to investigate the effect of decreased cortisol-binding proteins on STC, serum free cortisol (SFC) and salivary cortisol (SalivCort) in SAH. Baseline (T0) and cosyntropin-stimulated (T60) STC, SFC and SalivCort concentrations were measured We prospectively and consecutively enrolled 75 patients suffering from a SAH (n=44) or a NSAH (n=31). Inclusion criteria were patients aged between 18 and 75 years with an acute hepatitis defined by an abrupt rise in serum aminotransaminase levels during the 15 previous days (AST or ALT greater than 500 IU/L or greater than 10 times the upper normal value); the acute hepatitis was considered as severe if the prothrombin index was lower than 50% and as non-severe if it was greater than 50%. We excluded patients with the following conditions: a history of hypothalamic-pituitary or adrenal disease, corticosteroids treatment within the previous 6 months, ketoconazole intake, oral candida infection, any visible bleeding in the oral cavity, liver transplanted patients, acute alcoholic hepatitis and night workers. Twenty-nine healthy controls (HC) were thereafter enrolled and similarly distributed with the SAH group on age, sex and estrogen pill intake, estrogen therapy being the most common cause for changes in CBG levels. HC were without any known illnesses and were not receiving any medications. To evaluate the range of the SFC concentrations, eight patients with a known AD caused by impairment of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (n=5) and adrenal gland (n=3) and followed at the Endocrinology Department of Besancon were also studied. STC, SFC and salivary cortisol concentrations were measured blindly before (T0 between 8am and 9am) and 60 minutes after (T60) an intravenous injection of 250 µg tetracosactrin (synacthenÒ, Sigma-Tau laboratory, France). Serum CBG, albumin and ACTH were also measured Inclusion Criteria: * Inclusion of 101 test subjects and for statistical analysis: * 29 patients with non-acute severe hepatitis (TP\> 50% and AST or ALT\> 500 IU / L or\> 10 xN for less than 15 days). * 43 patients with severe acute hepatitis (TP \<50%). Patients with suspected IS with the assay of the CTS will retested at Synacthène 4 to 6 months later (10 desired subjects). * 29 healthy volunteers (control group included in the analysis). * Inclusion of 10 patients with established IS (control group to estimate the low values of cortisol). * Patient who signed the consent of study participation Exclusion Criteria: * Women during pregnancy or breastfeeding * Minor and over 75 years * Major protected within the meaning of Huriet * Subject healthy volunteers in a sport competition * Patients transplanted, HIV infection (also refusing HIV status) or patients on immunosuppressive therapies (including corticosteroids) * ketoconazole Shot, rifampicin, mifepristone, megestrol or etomidate * Treatment with corticosteroids irrespective of the route of administration * severe acute alcoholic hepatitis * oral fungal infection * upper gastrointestinal bleeding or oral bleeding (contamination salivettes) * unbalanced Diabetes * unbalanced Hypertension * Chronic heart failure (stage III or IV of the classification of the New York Heart Association \[NYHA\]) * Inability to receive clear information in patients with severe encephalopathy and do not have someone you trust * Refusal of the participation agreement by signing the form of information and consent as defined in the protocol. * exclusion period from another biomedical study * Septic shock
Sunitinib in Treating Patients With Kidney Cancer That Cannot Be Removed by Surgery A Phase II Study of Sunitinib Malate in Patients With Renal Cell Carcinoma and Unresectable Primary Tumors RATIONALE: Sunitinib may stop the growth of kidney cancer by blocking blood flow to the tumor and by blocking some of the enzymes needed for cell growth. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying the side effects and how well sunitinib works in treating patients with kidney cancer that cannot be removed by surgery. OBJECTIVES: * To determine the percentage of patients with renal cell carcinoma and unresectable primary tumors who can achieve sufficient tumor response, according to the operating surgeon, to undergo nephrectomy after sunitinib therapy. * To evaluate the safety of sunitinib in patients with renal cell carcinoma and unresectable primary tumors, including analysis of the morbidity of surgery after sunitinib therapy * To evaluate the objective response rate of patients with renal cell carcinoma and unresectable primary tumors who receive sunitinib therapy. OUTLINE: A single arm phase II study of sunitinib in patients with unresectable renal cell carcinoma (RCC) will be conducted, including patients with and without distant metastases. Patients receive oral sunitinib malate once daily on days 1-28. Treatment repeats every 42 days in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Surgery is performed if and when primary tumor becomes resectable. Patients with residual and/or metastatic disease may resume sunitinib malate within 8 weeks after surgery. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed periodically. PROJECTED ACCRUAL: A total of 31 patients will be accrued for this study. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically or cytologically confirmed renal cell carcinoma (any histology) based on prior biopsy or biopsy performed and reviewed at Cleveland Clinic Foundation. This can include pathology read as adenocarcinoma consistent with renal origin. * Unresectable primary tumor due to any of the following factors or various combinations thereof: * Large tumor size (\> 15 cm) * Bulky lymphadenopathy (\> 4 cm or encasement of renal vessels or great vessels) * Venous thrombosis (high level/invasive disease requiring inferior vena cava reconstruction or hypothermic circulatory arrest) * Proximity to vital structures (e.g., mesenteric vasculature) * Any one of these factors may or may not constitute unresectability, but for consideration for this trial, the surgical and medical oncologist must agree that the particular constellation of findings for the patient under consideration would likely entail a low probability (\<50%) that the tumor would be resectable (with negative margins) or that the potential morbidity associated with an attempt at surgical resection would not be clinically acceptable. The numerical thresholds noted above are only a guideline and the clinical judgment of the surgeon and medical oncologist will determine unresectability. * Patients with history of brain metastases can be enrolled 2 weeks following the completion of gamma knife or whole brain radiotherapy. * ECOG performance status (PS) 0-1 or Karnofsky PS \>/=70% * Serum aspartate transaminase (AST; serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase \[SGOT\]) and serum alanine transaminase (ALT; serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase \[SGPT\]) ≤ 2.5 times upper limit of normal (ULN) * Total Serum Bilirubin ≤ 1.5 times ULN * Absolute neutrophil count ≥ 1,500/mm³ * Platelet count ≥ 100,000/mm³ * Hemoglobin ≥ 8.0 g/dL (transfusion allowed) * Serum calcium ≤ 12.0 mg/dL * Creatinine ≤ 2.5 mg/dL * Signed and dated informed consent document indicating that the patient (or legally acceptable representative) has been informed of all pertinent aspects of the trial prior to enrollment * Willingness and ability to comply with scheduled visits, treatment plans, laboratory tests, and other study procedures. Exclusion Criteria: * The presence of any of the following will exclude a patient from study enrollment: * Prior systemic treatment for RCC. * Evidence of bleeding diathesis or coagulopathy. Patients with hematuria from the primary renal tumor are eligible provided all other eligibility criteria are met. * Any of the following within the 6 months prior to study drug administration: myocardial infarction, severe/unstable angina, severe peripheral vascular disease (claudication) or procedure on peripheral vasculature, coronary/peripheral artery bypass graft, New York Heart Association grade II or greater congestive heart failure, cerebrovascular accident or transient ischemic attack, clinically significant bleeding or pulmonary embolism. * Hypertension that cannot be controlled by medications to \< 160/90 mmHg. * Known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)-related illness. * Pregnancy or breastfeeding. * Other severe acute or chronic medical or psychiatric conditions or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or study drug administration, or may interfere with the interpretation of study results, and in the judgment of the investigator would make the patient inappropriate for entry into this study.
Effect of Chronic Statin and Viagra Therapy in Persons With Endothelial Cell Dysfunction The Effect of Chronic Statin Therapy on Peripheral Arterial Tone Response to Sildenafil Citrate (Viagra), and on Erectile Function in Men With Coronary Artery Endothelial Cell Dysfunction To determine if 6 weeks of daily treatment with Atorvastatin 40 mg alters the immediate effect of Sildenafil Citrate (Viagra, Pfizer Inc, New York, NY) on endothelial function (activity of the artery) as measured by noninvasive peripheral arterial tonography in men and women. Also, to determine if 6 weeks of daily treatment with Atorvastatin 40 mg affects erectile function in men Inclusion Criteria: * Patients undergoing coronary angiography * No previous statin use * Age \> 18 years old * No PDE5-1 use in the past 6 months Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with an Acute Coronary Syndrome * Patients with Cardiogenic shock * Patients \> 30% coronary stenosis * Patients with unexplained muscle pain * Patients with acute liver disease * Patients receiving immunosuppressant therapy, azoles, macrolide antibiotics, niacin, L-arginine * Patients with serum creatinine \> 2.0 * Patients with total cholesterol \> 200 mmol/l * Patients on current statin therapy or clinically indicated to be on statin therapy
Sedation Using Intranasal Dexmedetomidine in Upper Gastrointestinal Endoscopy A Study to Assess Sedation Using Intranasal Dexmedetomidine in Upper Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy, like many other diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, may be associated with discomfort. Although upper endoscopy is usually of shorter duration and better tolerated by patients, most trials investigating the influence of analgesia and sedation have been performed on patients undergoing this procedure. Some patients may tolerate colonoscopy without sedation, but various techniques are used to limit discomfort and pain. Selection and dosing of sedatives depends on the patient's emotional state, the intensity of pain during examination, foreseeable technical difficulties, the endoscopist's experience, the presence or absence of anesthesia personnel, and hospital-specific procedures. Conscious sedation is a popular technique for colonoscopy and upper gastrointestinal endoscopy. The combination of an opioid and a benzodiazepine is known to provide good analgesic and sedative conditions during endoscopy. This combination of opioid and benzodiazepine, however, also increases the risk of respiratory depression. Therefore, pharmacologic agents which may provide adequate sedation without respiratory depression are of great interest to clinicians. Dexmedetomidine is a highly selective α2-adrenoceptor agonist with sedative and analgesic effects. Compared with clonidine, it is more selective for the α 2 adrenoceptor and acts as a full agonist in most pharmacologic test models. Potentially desirable properties include decreased requirements for other anesthetics and analgesics, a diminished sympathetic response to stress and the potential for cardioprotective effects against myocardial ischemia. When compared with conventional sedatives such as opioids or benzodiazepines, its lack of respiration depression is a distinct advantage. Previous studies using dexmedetomidine for sedation has been promising with maintenance of respiratory function. Patients are readily arousable. With intravenous slow bolus administration, there is a minimal increase in blood pressure initially, followed by a slight decrease in blood pressure. Lower dose ranges, avoidance of rapid bolus injection, and a slow rate of administration tend to decrease these circulatory side effects. Many clinical studies have shown that it can be well and safely used intravenously, intramuscularly and transdermally. Although not an officially technique, there are also reports of intranasal administration resulting in fairly predictable onset in both adults and children. Aims: This study aims to evaluate sedative effects using intranasal dexmedetomidine in upper gastrointestinal endoscopy. The investigators aim to evaluate the efficacy, side effects and acceptability of sedation using intranasal dexmedetomidine by patients and endoscopist for upper gastrointestinal endoscopy. Methods: Double blind randomized prospective study. Sample size: We are planning to detect not less than 30% decrease of rescue propofol consumption when using intranasal dexmedetomidine. Assuming the average propofol consumption for the upper gastrointestinal endoscopy to be 40mg with SD=15mg, the required sample size with 80% power of test is 25 per group at the 0.05 level of significance. They will be randomly allocated to one of the following study groups: Group D: Intranasal dexmedetomidine 1.5mcg/kg; Group P: Intranasal saline (placebo) In addition, rescue sedation will be provided by a patient-controlled sedation using propofol/ alfentanil in both groups. Patient-controlled sedation (PCS) has been shown to provide safe and effective sedation for the individual patient by allowing the patient to decide whether he or she requires sedation and to determine the amount required. PCS has been used for various procedures performed under local and regional anesthesia. PCS with propofol and alfentanil has been used for sedation of patients during endoscopy. Process Written consent will be signed. No sedative premedication will be prescribed. The patients will be fasted for 6 hours before the procedure. Then patients will be sent to the endoscopy room about 1 hour before the procedure. A nasal catheter is positioned to deliver oxygen if oxygen is needed. Vital signs including heart rate, blood pressure, SpO2 and respiratory rate will be recorded. After obtaining baseline hemodynamic data (NIBP, HR) and respiratory data (SpO2, RR), the patients will be asked to evaluate their baseline levels of anxiety using a numerical rating scale. The intranasal study drugs will be administrated according to a code on a piece of folded paper drawn randomly from a box. The patients will be randomly allocated to one of the two treatment groups and sedation will be performed 1 hour before the procedure as follows: P) Placebo (0.015ml/kg); D) Intranasal dexmedetomidine 0.015ml/kg Before study drug administration, patients gently blow their noses. After baseline testing, an investigator who is blind to the study medication will administers the study drug to each naris and the patient remains in a semi-recumbent position with the head of the bed elevated at a 20-40 angle. After which, measurements including HR, NiBP, SpO2, RR will be recorded every 5 minutes while Numerical Rating Scale of anxiety every 15 minutes. Sedation is evaluated by investigator using Observer Assessment of Alertness/ Sedation (OAA/S\]) scale every 15 minutes. Both the investigators and the subjects are blinded to the study medications. The patient will be shown 2 cards of picture about 1 hour after the study drug administration. An intravenous cannula will be inserted then. The degree of the cannulation pain will be assessed as using NRSpaincannulation. The intravenous cannula is connected to a 50 mL syringe patient-controlled analgesia pump containing 200 mg (20 mL) propofol and 0.5 mg (1 mL) alfentanil, which will be provided as the rescue sedative medications. The drugs are delivered in response to pressure on a hand-held button. Each bolus dose of 0.5 mL delivered contained 4.8 mg propofol and 12 μg alfentanil. No loading dose was used and the lock out time was set at zero. Despite the zero lock out time, a few seconds were required for the pump to deliver the preset bolus. The PCA pump was programmed to deliver a bolus dose of 0.5 ml at 200 ml/h on patient's demand and the pump took 9 s to deliver the bolus, during which time it would not respond to a further demand. Thus, the effective lockout time was 9s. Patients are instructed in the use of the hand-held button before upper endoscopy. After the cannulation, local anesthetic spray will be administered to the oropharynx or rectum. 10 minutes after the local anesthesia, patient may start to push the button. When the first dose of propofol and alfentanil is infused, patient will be asked whether there is any pain of infusion, and the degree of the pain will be assessed as Numerical Rating Scale of pain due to infusion. The procedure will be started once the patients feel that they are relaxed. Vital signs including NIBP, SpO2, HR, RR, and OAA/S will be monitored throughout the sedation and procedure process every 5 minutes. If the patient becomes totally unresponsive or any adverse event occurs, the procedure will be stopped. If the SpO2 falls to below 90% for more than 10 seconds, the endoscope will be removed and the patient's vital signs observed, and O2 administered as required by the attending anesthesiologist until the patient becomes responsive again. Once the patient starts responding to command, the procedure will continue. Duration of unresponsiveness would be recorded. The time of start of procedure and duration of procedure and the frequencies of interruption due to patient events will be noted. The PCS propofol and alfentanil will be terminated and disconnected from the patient when the endoscopist indicates that the operative procedure is completed, and the dose consumption recorded. The endoscopist will determine the operating conditions by evaluating the ease of insertion and the patient's lack of motion and ability to obey commands, using NRSsatisfactionendoscopist. The patients will be transferred to the recovery room for monitoring for 30 minutes. The vital signs (blood pressure, pulse, RR and SpO2, and OAA/S) will be continued every 5 min. When the patients are fully recovered, they will be asked if there is any pain and discomfort and their severity will be assessed as NRSpain and NRSdiscomfort during the procedure. Discomfort is defined as 'a feeling of uneasiness that interfered with the patient's ability to relax'. They will also be asked if they remember any of the following events: the pictures shown to them, the insertion of the endoscope, the discomfort and pain during the examination. Discharge criteria will be assessed as postanaesthesia discharge score hourly. When the patients are fully recovered, defined as an OAA/S score of 5 and the postanaesthesia score is more than 9, they are fit for discharge. Satisfaction evaluation of sedation will be graded by the patients on NRS in satisfaction patient. They will be questioned on whether they think that they have received an adequate amount of sedation, too little or too much, whether they are relaxed and whether they will undergo the same procedure again. Data Collection 1. Demographic data 2. Type of endoscopy 3. Duration of sedation 4. Duration of procedure 5. Duration of recovery area 6. Duration from the end of procedure to become fully awake 7. Duration at general ward before discharge 8. Pain severity (NRS of pain) of cannulation, when being infused of propofol and alfentanil, during the examination 9. Vital signs before and during the sedation, during the procedure and Postoperatively (HR, NIBP, SpO2, RR) 10. OAA/S before and after administration, during and after procedure 11. NRSpain and NRSdiscomfort after administration, during and after procedure 12. Time when OAA/S is 4 13. Tries and goods of propofol and alfentanil during the procedure 14. Propofol and alfentanil consumption 15. NRSsatisfactionendoscopist 16. NRSsatisfactionpatient 17. Adverse events and severity intraoperatively and postoperatively including oversedation, respiratory depression, hypotension, paradoxical reaction, dizziness, nausea and vomiting, bradycardia. The severity of adverse event are graded as follows: Mild: no treatment Moderate: require treatment Severe: refractory to treatment Data Analysis Student t test, Mann-Whitney U test and Chi-square test are applied on the analysis. Study Duration: 18 months. Provide some data on current case load of upper endoscopies in Queen Mary Hospital. Inclusion Criteria: * American Society of Anesthesiology grade I-III * 18-60 years old * Patients having upper endoscopy Exclusion Criteria: * Clinical history or electrocardiographic evidence of heart block, ischaemic - heart disease, asthma, sleep apnoea syndrome * BMI \> 35kg/m2 * Impaired liver (preoperative serum albumin level less than 30g/L ) or renal function (creatinine \>120umol/L)) or known renal or hepatic disease * Alcohol consumption in excess of 28 units per week * Pregnancy * Patient refusal * Known psychiatric illness * Chronic sedative use, and regular use of or known allergy to dexmedetomidine, propofol and opioids.
Crizotinib Plus Pembrolizumab In Alk-Positive Advanced Non Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients A PHASE 1B STUDY OF CRIZOTINIB IN COMBINATION WITH PEMBROLIZUMAB (MK-3475) IN PATIENTS WITH UNTREATED ADVANCED ALK-TRANSLOCATED NON SMALL CELL LUNG CANCER The purpose of this study has 2 phases, a Dose Finding Phase will determine the maximum tolerated dose . The Dose Expansion Phase will explore the safety, tolerability, and anti-tumor activity of the combination. The patients will be screened for up to 28 days before they start treatment to determine if they meet eligibility criteria. The screening procedures will include physical examination, blood work and radiological scans. In the dose finding phase, patients who meet eligibility criteria will receive crizotinib at the dose level assigned that will be taken on daily basis and pembrolizumab 200 mg intravenous infusion every 3 weeks. Once a Crizotinib dose level is decided, the dose expansion cohort will start enrolling patients who meet eligibility criteria. All patients will be followed up every three weeks. Blood samples will be drawn to test for safety and tumor activities and radiological scans will be performed on certain timepoints to determine the antitumor activities. There will be a quality of life questionnaire administered at certain time points during the study. The study will have a quality assurance plan that addresses data validation and registry procedures. There is a plan to visit the investigator site for routine monitoring and auditing. The team will conduct source data verification to assess the accuracy, completeness, or representativeness of registry data by comparing the data to external data sources (e.g., medical records, paper or electronic case report forms, or interactive voice response systems). The study will also include a statistical analysis plan describing the analytical principles and statistical techniques to be employed in order to address the primary and secondary objectives of this study, as specified in the study protocol or statistical plan. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically or cytologically proved diagnosis of locally advanced recurrent or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC that is not suitable for local curative treatment. * Alk-positive NSCLC as determined by a test that is approved or validated for use as a companion diagnostic test. * No prior systemic therapy for metastatic disease. * Adjuvant chemotherapy more than 12 months prior to study enrollment. * Measurable disease as per RECIST 1.1 * ECOG PS 0 or 1. Exclusion Criteria: * Prior exposure to ALK receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, anti-PD1, anti-PDL1 or any drug targeting T-cell checkpoint pathways. * known diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days of clinical trial treatment. * Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 3 months. * History of extensive disseminated interstitial fibrosis or any grade of interstitial lung disease.
Velocity Vector Imaging in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Aortic Regurgitation Velocity Vector Imaging in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Aortic Regurgitation Velocity Vector Imaging may provide reliable and detailed information on left ventricular segmental function in asymptomatic patients with moderate-to severe AR. This may help to identify subclinical myocardial dysfunction in order to operate early enough to prevent postoperative heart failure and restrict unnecessary early operation which could be associated with operative risks and mortality related to prosthetic valves. Chronic aortic regurgitation (AR) is a progressive process which causes both left ventricular volume and pressure overload. While the volume overload is associated with the degree of the aortic regurgitant volume, the pressure overload occurs as a result of systemic hypertension developed due to increased stroke volume. In early stages, excentric hypertrophy occurs aiming to compensate the volume overload in the left ventricle. Therefore , ejection fraction remains in normal range despite the increasing volume overload. Left ventricular dilatation and impairment in ejection fraction only occur in the end stages of the disease. Asymptomatic patients with chronic aortic regurgitation (AR) have a good prognosis in the presence of preserved systolic function. Therefore it is a challenge to identify patients with subclinical left ventricular (LV) dysfunction. Velocity vector imaging (VVI) is a new echocardiographic method based on two dimensional gray scale imaging, which is angle independent and can provide more accurate data about cardiac function. Inclusion Criteria: * Moderate-to-severe aortic regurgitation identified by Standard echocardiography. * Chronic isolated aortic regurgitation * Being asymptomatic ( Class 1 according to NYHA) * Sinusal rhythm Exclusion Criteria: * Ejection fraction \< 50% * Mitral valve disease accompanied to aortic regurgitation (patients with over mild degree of mitral regurgitation and stenosis * Aortic stenosis * Previous myocardial infarction, or the patients with \>50% coronary occlusion in any of the coronary arteries. * Cardiomyopathies * AV conduction disorders * Chronic renal or hepatic insufficiency * Malignities
Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Acute Low Back Pain How Many Days Will You Delay Before a MRI When You Have Low Back Pain? This is a behavioral observational study aimed at understanding the limit of tolerance (in days) of ideally performing a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) by people with acute low back pain. It consists of a short self-administered questionnaire. Relationships between low back pain intensity, maladaptive thoughts and awaited days before ideally requesting a MRI will be evaluated. This is a behavioral observational study aimed at understanding the limit of tolerance (in days) of ideally performing a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) by people with acute low back pain (LBP) and by general practitioners (GP). Literature pointed out that LBP is a common occurrence in people, with high rates of self-resolution in the absence of red flags (i.e. possible indicators of serious spinal pathology). In Italy there is an over-prescription of MRI despite international guidelines go the opposite way. The study consists of a short self-administered questionnaire which will be given to people and GP to complete. In more details, the survey is made of 3 questions collecting information on the limit of tolerance (in days) before requesting (people) and prescribing (GP) a MRI for the lumbar tract of the spinal column. Further, participants will have to complete a self-administered pain intensity numerical rating scale, along with catastrophizing and anxiety self-administered questionnaires. Descriptive statistics will be presented by taking into account the socio-demographic characteristics of the sample being investigated. Statistical correlations between participants' answers and the scores from the questionnaires will be also evaluated. This study investigates the relationships among acute low back pain, the intention of persons/GP to request/prescribe a MRI despite the absence of red flags, mood disorders and maladaptive thoughts. Inclusion Criteria: * Having acute low back pain (i.e., a pain lasting no more than 6 weeks) * Adult age * Ability to understand the Italian language Exclusion Criteria: * Mental deficits * Refuse to adhere to the study.
Effect of Dolutegravir Intensification on HIV-1 Reservoirs Effect of Dolutegravir Intensification on Blood and Tissue Latent HIV-1 Reservoirs and on Residual Viremia Despite ART Persistent HIV viremia occurs in most ART-treated patients and could arise from reactivation of viral expression from latently-infected cells that constitute the viral latent reservoir (LR) and/or residual ongoing viral replication during cART, for instance in anatomical compartment where drug penetration is sub-optimal. The question of the sources of persistent viremia is of the utmost importance. If ongoing viral replication occurs, it could induce deleterious consequences on reservoirs size and immune activation.We propose to better characterize the role ongoing viral replication to HIV persistence under ART by undertaking a treatment intensification trial with high-dose dolutegravir. Tissue/blood samples and replication-competent reservoir measurements will be included as outcomes as well as immune activation markers. Inclusion Criteria: * HIV-infected adults receiving cART for at least 3 years * Undetectable viral for at least 3 years * DTG/3TC/ABC as cART regimen in the previous 6 months. * CD4 counts higher than 200 cells per μL Exclusion Criteria: * active hepatitis C or B * unstable liver disease * renal impairment (estimated glomerular filtration rate \<50 mL per min), * gastrointestinal disorders that would affect the absorption of study treatment * current use of drugs with significant interactions with dolutegravir * current use of drugs with an impact on inflammation such as steroids. * hospitalization for acute illness within the previous 8 weeks * Pregnancy or breastfeeding. * Anal or rectal lesions impeding rectal biopsies * Decreased platelets count or coagulation disorder.
Nursing Assistant Intervention to Prevent Delirium in Nursing Homes Multicomponent Intervention to Prevent Delirium in Nursing Homes Delirium is an acute confusion that occurs in one third of hospitalized older adults. As compared to those without delirium, hospitalized patients with delirium have longer hospital stays, higher mortality, and increased risk of nursing home utilization. Substantial attention has been paid to developing, testing, and disseminating interventions to prevent delirium in the hospital but, to date, not in the nursing home setting. In a previous study we used known information on delirium risk factors to develop an intervention that can be delivered at onset of acute illness in nursing home patients. The current study is designed to test the effect of this intervention in a single-site clinical trial. Objectives: 1) to determine, as compared to control, the effect of a multicomponent intervention targeting delirium risk factors on delirium frequency, delirium severity, cognitive and physical function decline, and hospitalization in nursing home patients with acute illness, and 2) to identify features of the intervention associated with occurrence of delirium and other outcomes. Approach: We will screen nursing home patients on 17 long-term care units at a large, urban nursing home who experience onset of a change in condition according to established criteria, and enroll and assign them to intervention or control in a 1:1 ratio. Those assigned to intervention will receive daily visits from an Elder Life Specialist, a mobile Certified Nursing Assistant trained to provide services to counter risks for delirium, including dehydration, immobility, cognitive impairment, undernutrition, and sleep problems, for the duration of the acute illness and for 1 week following. Patients assigned to control will receive usual care from the unit-based nurses and the patient's primary team. Delirium will be assessed 5 days a week by a research assistant. Cognitive and physical function decline and hospital transfer will be ascertained during a 1 month follow-up period. We will compare outcomes between intervention and control, as well as examine associations between outcomes and intervention features such as number and duration of visits. Delirium is an acute cognitive disorder with features of inattention, disorganized thinking, and disordered consciousness that occurs in one third of hospitalized older adults. As compared to those without delirium, hospitalized patients with delirium have longer hospital stays, higher mortality, and increased risk of nursing home utilization. Substantial attention has been paid to developing, testing, and disseminating interventions to prevent delirium in the hospital but, to date, not in the nursing home setting. In a previous study we used known information on delirium risk factors to develop a multicomponent intervention that can be delivered at onset of acute illness in nursing home patients. We demonstrated the intervention's feasibility, adherence, and acceptance by patients and staff. The current study is designed to test the efficacy of this intervention in a single-site cluster-randomized trial. Objectives: 1) to determine, as compared to control, the effect of a multicomponent intervention targeting delirium risk factors (immobility, cognitive impairment, dehydration, undernutrition, sleep, and medication use) on the primary outcome of delirium frequency in nursing home patients with acute illness, and the secondary outcomes of delirium severity, cognitive and physical function decline, and hospitalization associated with acute illness, and 2) to identify features of the intervention, including "dose" and components, associated with occurrence of delirium and its severity, cognitive and physical function decline, and hospitalization associated with acute illness. Approach: We will screen nursing home patients on 17 long-term care units at a large, urban nursing home who experience onset of an acute change in condition according to established criteria, and enroll and assign them to intervention or control in a 1:1 ratio. Those assigned to intervention will receive daily visits from an Elder Life Specialist, a mobile Certified Nursing Assistant trained to provide services to counter risks for delirium, including dehydration, immobility, cognitive impairment, undernutrition, and sleep problems, for the duration of the acute illness and for 1 week following, in collaboration with the patient's primary medical and nursing team. Patients assigned to control will receive usual care from the unit-based nurses and the patient's primary team. Delirium will be assessed 5 days a week by a research assistant blinded to study hypotheses and group assignment. Cognitive and physical function decline and hospital transfer will be ascertained during a 1 month follow-up period. We will conduct analyses to compare outcomes between intervention and control, as well as examine associations between outcomes and intervention features such as number and duration of visits. Inclusion Criteria * Long-term care nursing home resident at The New Jewish Home * Acute change in condition or just returned from the hospital * Assent to participate in study Exclusion Criteria * Discharge or death expected before 2 months * Nonverbal or unable to follow simple commands
High-Volume Plasma Exchange Versus Standard Medical Treatment in Patients With Acute Liver Failure High-Volume Plasma Exchange Versus Standard Medical Treatment in Patients With Acute Liver Failure-A Prospective Randomized Pilot Trial The study will be conducted on patients admitted to Department of Hepatology from Jan 2016 to Jan 2018 at Institute of Liver \& Biliary Sciences, New Delhi. Study group will comprise of patients with acute liver failure (ALF) who have no option for liver transplant (due to any reason) or have contraindications for liver transplant or have no prospective living donor and will be assessed for enrollment in the trial. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with acute liver failure defined as : Patients with jaundice which is complicated by encephalopathy and coagulopathy within 4 weeks of the onset of jaundice and without underlying chronic liver disease. Exclusion Criteria: * Age \<12 or \> 75 years * Hepato-Cellular Carcinoma * Active untreated Sepsis/DIC * Any evidence of active bleed secondary to coagulopathy * Hemodynamic instability requiring high dose of Vasopressors * Coma of non-hepatic origin. * Pregnancy * Comorbidities associated with poor outcome (Extrahepatic neoplasia, severe cardiopulmonary disease defined by a New York Heart Association score \>3, or oxygen/steroid-dependent chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). * Patients being taken up for liver transplant * Refusal to participate in the study.
Oral Allergy Syndrome (OAS): a Pilot Study to Evaluate a Clinical Questionnaire as a Diagnostic Tool The Prevalence of Oral Allergy Syndrome and Types of Food Commonly Causing Reactions in Birch Pollen Sensitive Patients Who Have Springtime Hayfever An increasing number of people have an allergy to birch pollen, which manifests itself as Springtime hayfever. Some will also have cross-reactions to fruits, vegetables and nuts, a condition known as Oral Allergy Syndrome (OAS). Research has demonstrated that the most effective method of diagnosing this problem is by taking a good clinical history and performing skin prick tests using fresh foods. The aim of the study will be therefore to investigate the prevalence of OAS in a birch-sensitive population using a simple screening tool and establish the range of foods involved. The objective will be to maximise effective treatment for the patients in our large respiratory allergy clinic by using the screening tool to identify patients with OAS and advise them on the usual foods involved. A further objective will be to use the data to discover if there are any patterns of particular foods involved in OAS in UK sufferers. The study hypotheses are therefore that there is a high prevalence of oral allergy in people with birch pollen allergy; the best way of diagnosing the problem is by using a screening tool and that there is a core set of foods that are commonly involved in OAS in patients seen in the allergy clinic. Patients will be recruited both prospectively and retrospectively from the Royal Brompton Hospital allergy clinic and through advertisement. Subjects will be identified by diagnosis of birch pollen allergy, either routinely in the RBHT adult allergy clinic or by looking back at patient records. Suitable patients will be invited to participate in the study, with fully informed consent obtained, if they understand written English and fulfil the following criteria: Criteria for inclusion * History of Springtime hayfever * Positive skin prick test (  3mm) to Birch * FEV1.\> than 70% predicted or greater than 1.5L * Aged 16 years or more Exclusion criteria * Pregnancy * Existing medical condition which could be affected by a severe response on challenge * Aged under 16 * FEV1.\< than 70% predicted or greater than 1.5L On recruitment After a full explanation of the study given, patients who agree to participate will be asked to sign the consent form, a copy of which will be placed in the medical notes, and a second copy sent to the Ethics Committee Administrator. Participants will then be booked in for visit one and advised to avoid short acting antihistamines for 72 hours and long acting ones for a week, prior to their prick prick test. The OAS screening tool will be completed for every patient. A venous blood sample will be taken and stored for the measurement of total IgE and specific IgE RAST tests for birch, apple, celery and hazelnuts. A questionnaire will be completed by the patient assessing the effect any food reactions is having on their diet and social life. The researcher will then complete a 24-hour food recall questionnaire with the patient, to ascertain their normal dietary intake. The patient will then be asked whether they have taken anti-histamines in the last 72 hours, and if they have not then prick prick tests can be performed using a range of different fresh fruits, vegetables, nuts and Birch and Grass reagent. The tests will be undertaken according to EAACI recommendations, with a positive and negative control. The allergen content of fresh foods is unknown, but using data from previous studies, a wheal of 3mm will be considered positive, and a wheal of 5 mm strongly positive. All participants will then be invited to return to undergo one single blind, placebo food challenge. Those classed as negative responders will then undergo two double blind, placebo-controlled food challenges (DBPCFC), one being an active substance and one a control substance. Following these challenges, those still classed as negative responders will undergo an open challenge with the active substance. The only exclusion criteria will be those subjects who have previously reported an anaphylactic response to the active challenge material. Inclusion Criteria: * History of Springtime hayfever * Positive skin prick test (  3mm) to Birch * FEV1 \> than 70% predicted or greater than 1.5L * Aged 16 years or more Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnancy * Existing medical condition which could be affected by a severe response on challenge * Aged under 16 * FEV1 \< than 70% predicted or greater than 1.5L
PREPARE - Primary Prevention Parameters Evaluation PREPARE - Primary Prevention Parameters Evaluation The purpose of this study is to test specific device programming in patients without a previous history of a life-threatening, abnormally fast heartbeat who are implanted with a Medtronic ICD (Implantable Cardioconverter Defibrillator) or ICD with CRT (Cardiac Resynchronozation Therapy) device. The information learned from this study could be used to guide physicians in future ICD or CRT device programming. Inclusion Criteria: Patient is a candidate for a non-replacement Medtronic ICD device from the Marquis family or has had a non-replacement Medtronic Marquis based ICD system implanted within the previous 6 months and has not had any appropriately treated spontaneous VT/VF episodes during that time. Exclusion Criteria: Patient has history of spontaneous sustained symptomatic ventricular arrhythmias. If patient has had an electrophysiology test in the past, and has sustained inducible VT \<180 bpm.
Whole Body 111In-exendin-4 Imaging Study in Insulinoma Patients The Physiology of Glucagon-like-peptide-1 Receptor Expression in Patients With Endogenous Hyperinsulinism - Correlation With Histopathology The purpose of this study is to determine whether the investigators' new imaging modality (111In-exendin-4) has advantages in detecting insulinomas in comparison to conventional imaging. Insulinomas arise from pancreatic cells and are the most frequent hormone-active tumours of the pancreas. Insulinomas produce insulin and can become life threatening if they cannot be localised and removed surgically. Complete tumour resection cures most patients, hence surgery is the treatment of choice for begin and malignant insulinomas. The potential for surgical cure necessitates accurate tumour localisation before surgery because preoperative imaging facilitates the detection of small localised, multiple and metastatic insulinomas. However, the successful localisation of insulinomas is an challenging problem since approximately 30% of insulinomas cannot be visualised radiographically. A novel nuclear medicine scanning method using radioactive exendin-4 (111In-exendin-4) has recently been developed for imaging of insulinomas. 111In-exendin-4 accumulates specifically in insulinoma cells via the glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor. The accumulation of 111In-exendin-4 can be visualised by the use of a special camera (Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) camera) that detects radioactivity and lights up tumours as hot spots. The decision to perform surgery is independent of this study. If surgery is performed a small sample of the tumor will be used for identifying the sites where 111In-exendin-4 binds to the tumor. Inclusion Criteria: * Biochemically proven endogenous hyperinsulinism confirmed by hypoglycaemia with neuroglycopenic symptoms, inadequately high serum insulin and C-peptide concentrations and negative sulfonylurea screening as well as low serum beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations * Able and willing to provide written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Renal insufficiency (creatinine \> 140 micromol/l) * Pregnancy or positive pregnancy test which will be performed in all patients without contraception and aged \< 50 years * Allergy to exendin-4 (Byetta®)
Therapeutic Strategies in Acromegalic Subjects Treated With Lanreotide 120mg Optimisation of Therapeutic Strategies in Acromegalic Subjects Treated With Lanreotide 120mg The study aims to evaluate the biochemical and clinical effectiveness on symptoms and tumor size of a monotherapy with Lanreotide 120mg in acromegalic subjects, to describe criteria for starting alternative strategies, and to describe the modalities and the global effectiveness of alternative strategies. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female aged 18 years or more, suffering from acromegaly * Treatment naïve or treated subject (whatever the previous treatments except Lanreotide 120mg and radiotherapy) who does not achieve biochemical control in the physician's opinion. Requiring a treatment with Somatostatin analog (SSA) * Having performed a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) to evaluate the tumor size within the previous 12 weeks (post-surgery MRI for operated subjects) * In whom the physician has already decided to initiate a treatment with Lanreotide 120mg as a monotherapy Exclusion Criteria: * Subject previously/currently treated with Lanreotide 120mg * History of radiotherapy for acromegaly * Subject who requires a surgical intervention for relief of any sign or symptom associated with tumor compression * Concomitant prolactin hypersecretion requiring a treatment with dopaminergic agonists * Active neoplastic disease
Ketone Monitoring in T1D: Effect of SGLT2i During Usual Care and With Insulin Deficiency Ketone Monitoring in T1D: Effect of SGLT2i During Usual Care and With Insulin Deficiency This proposed study will test whether measurement of breath acetone (BrAce) can be used for the purpose of identifying ketosis (elevated ketones) in persons with type 1 diabetes (T1D). This is important for the potential use of sodium glucose co-transport inhibitors (SGLT2i) in persons with T1D. The study will consist of 4 distinct segments that include routine testing of ketones during usual care, during insulin deficiency, and while taking a SGLT2i in addition to usual care, then with insulin deficiency after the SGLT2i has reached steady state and ingested that morning, in a crossover design. We will study 20 adults with T1D who are using Dexcom G6 continuous glucose monitor (CGM), plus any form of insulin delivery. Simultaneous ketone monitoring using a the Biosense® breath ketone analyzer (BKA) and capillary blood beta hydroxybutyrate (BOHB) measurement will be done 2-3 times daily for 2 weeks during each of the outpatient segments. This will generate \> 800 data points comparing breath acetone, measured in units called ACEs, versus capillary blood BOHB measurements for each 2 week period. On days of insulin withdrawal, which will take place on the Washington University Intensive Research Unit (IRU), frequent monitoring with capillary blood measurements of BOHB (Precision Xtra®, Abbott) will be compared with breath BrAce measurements (Biosense®, Readout) and laboratory measurements of BOHB and acetoacetate. Electrolytes and glucose will also be measured. Inclusion Criteria: * Type 1 diabetes for \>1 year * Age 18 - 75, any gender, race or ethnicity * HbA1c \<10% * Stable insulin delivery method for the past 30 days * Vision of 20/40 or better, including ability to read all device instructions and insulin pump settings * Use of an insulin pump and ability to make adjustments to pump settings * Insulin delivery by MDI with basal insulin (glargine U100) given in the morning OR willingness to transition to basal glargine given in the morning for at least 48 hours prior to insulin withdrawal visits * Use of personal CGM, only Dexcom G6 will be permitted for data consistency * Use of cellular phone (iOS11 and above or Android) with data capability with connectivity to Dexcom Clarity app and Biosense Ketone Monitoring app * Willing to share CGM, capillary ketone results and BrACE data with the study group * Able to understand the study requirements, risks and benefits and able to provide written informed consent * Able to schedule the visits and perform study related tasks Exclusion Criteria: * History of DKA in the past 6 months, or more than 1 episode of DKA in the past 2 years * Use of insulin degludec, insulin glargine U300 or insulin detemir as basal insulin and unwilling to transition to glargine given in the morning for at least 48 hours before the insulin withdrawal visits * Use of an SGLT2i in the past 30 days or intolerance to SGLT2i use in the past for any reason * Unstable heart disease, including hospitalization for any cardiac or vascular event in the past 6 months. * eGFR \<30 ml/min/1.73m2 or hemoglobin \<11.0 g/dL measured in the past year * Cancer that has been under treatment in the past 6 months, or treatment is likely in the 3 months after signing the consent, not including skin cancer or cancers under long-term hormonal reduction treatment (breast or prostate, no other active treatment) * Psychiatric condition that interferes with daily activities or diabetes self-care, including substance abuse * Any illness or condition that may interfere with study measurements, or contraindications for use of SGLT2i, based on investigator discretion (hemoglobinopathy, orthostatic hypotension) * Unwilling to avoid alcohol during the active study periods, specifically to avoid alcohol for 4 hours prior to any breath ketone measurement * Currently following or planning to adopt a diet that is low in carbohydrates (defined as \<90 grams of carbohydrate per day) or is expected to be ketogenic * Use of oral or injected corticosteroids within the past 30 days or planned during the study period * Taking disulfiram (due to interference with breath ketone measurements) * History of vomiting episodes for any reason in the past 30 days, or hospitalization for cyclic vomiting in the past year * History of urinary tract infection in the past 3 months * Pregnancy, breast-feeding or intention of becoming pregnant during the study time period and up to 30 days after study completion * Pre-menopausal women not using acceptable birth control defined as abstinence, surgical sterilization, hysterectomy, hormonal contraception, IUD or proven effective barrier methods
Usefulness of Extracorporeal Removal of sFLT-1 in Women With Very Early Severe Preeclampsia Usefulness of Extracorporeal Removal of sFlt-1 in Women With Severe Preeclampsia at Less Than 26 Weeks' Gestation Introduction Preeclampsia is a multifactorial disease that is responsible of important adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Recently, it has been suggested that soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1, s-Flt1, induces preeclampsia-like phenotype in experimental models and circulates at elevated levels in human preeclampsia. The aim of our study is to see whether removal of s-Flt1 may improve perinatal death in women with very early severe preeclampsia at less than 26 weeks' gestation Patients and methods Phase II trial. Women with singleton pregnancy having severe preeclampsia at 23-256/7 weeks' gestation. Women under 18 years, with multiples, or severe fetal growth restriction (less than 5th centile), or abnormal fetal heart rate, or maternal complications (abruption, eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, pulmonary edema, DIC, liver hematoma) are excluded from the study. After blood pressure and maternal stabilization, women are approached for information and if they agree, to sign the trial consent. Women have twice weekly extracorporeal removal of s-Flt1 until 34 weeks' gestation. Primary endpoint or success of the procedure: baby alive or alive at 6 months if hospitalized Statistical procedure Simon minimax plan; P0: 60%, P1, 90%, alpha error: 5%, beta power; 90%. First step: number 8 patients. If success equal or less than 5, the study is stopped. Second step: if success of 6 or more, the study is continued for 9 more patients. Overall, a maximum of 17 patients will be included. The final success of extracorporeal removal of s-Flt1 will be considered if 14 or more babies will be alive or alive at 6 months if hospitalized. Introduction Preeclampsia is a multifactorial disease that is responsible of important adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Recently, it has been suggested that soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1, s-Flt1, induces preeclampsia-like phenotype in experimental models and circulates at elevated levels in human preeclampsia. The aim of our study is to see whether removal of s-Flt1 may improve perinatal death in women with very early severe preeclampsia at less than 26 weeks' gestation Patients and methods Phase II trial. Women with singleton pregnancy having severe preeclampsia at 23-256/7 weeks' gestation. Women under 18 years, with multiples, or severe fetal growth restriction (less than 5th centile), or abnormal fetal heart rate, or maternal complications (abruption, eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, pulmonary edema, DIC, liver hematoma) are excluded from the study. After blood pressure and maternal stabilization, women are approached for information and if they agree, to sign the trial consent. They will then be admitted to the department of Renal intensive care of Tenon Hospital. LDL apheresis will be performed twice weekly, during 90 minutes per session, using the DALI 750 Kit and the ART device (Fresenius). sFlt1 will be measured in peripheral blood before and after each session. The treatment will end when delivery is indicated (whether because of threatening complications or because a viable term of pregnancy is achieved). Primary endpoint or success of the procedure: a live born baby alive at 6 month after birth. Secondary endpoints: days of pregnancy prolongation, blood pressure during apheresis, fetal heart rate monitoring after apheresis, maternal levels of s-Flt1, PlGF, and s-endoglin. Maternal adverse outcomes: eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, DIC, pulmonary edema, abruption placentae, renal failure. Neonatal outcome: gestational age at delivery, birth weight, Apgar score, patent ductus arteriosus, RDS, PVL, IVH, NEC, days in NICU. Statistical procedure Simon minimax plan; P0: 60%, P1, 90%, alpha error: 5%, beta power; 90%. First step: number 8 patients. If success equal or less than 5, the study is stopped. Second step: if success of 6 or more, the study is continued for 9 more patients. Overall, a maximum of 17 patients will be included. The final success of extracorporeal removal of s-Flt1 will be considered if 14 or more babies will be alive at 6 months after birth Inclusion Criteria: * Severe preeclampsia at less than 26 weeks' gestation * Singleton pregnancy * Signed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Multiple pregnancy * Gestational age at 26 or above weeks' gestation * Estimated foetal weight at diagnosis \<5th percentile * Abnormal fetal heart rate at entry, where feasible (\>24 weeks' gestation) * Maternal complications at diagnosis: Uncontrolled blood pressure, HELLP syndrome, abruption, eclampsia pulmonary edema, renal failure, liver hematoma
Effectiveness of Mobile Respiratory Training in Ankylosing Spondylitis Effectiveness of Respiratory Muscle Training Using a Mobile Respiratory Trainer in People With Ankylosing Spondylitis Introduction and aim; Low functionality of respiratory muscles is frequently observed in various diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cystic fibrosis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and rheumatological diseases such as ankylosing spondylitis. Strengthening the respiratory muscles is a part of the treatment in such disease groups, and it has been reported that the quality of life of patients increases with the improvement in the respiratory muscles. Stavrou et al. In a study published in 2021, they achieved an increase in VO2max and maximum respiratory power in athletes after an exercise program with the AirOFit PRO™ (AirOFit, Copenhagen, Denmark) branded mobile breathing exercise device, which they introduced as a new technology. However, there is no study yet reporting the use of this device in rheumatological diseases. The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of personalized breathing exercises with the AirOFit PRO™ (AirOFit, Copenhagen, Denmark) branded mobile breathing exercise device on respiratory muscles and functional exercise capacity, as well as on specific outcomes of the disease, in patients with ankylosing spondylitis. Hypotheses of the study; a) Hypothesis H1: Personalised breathing exercises applied with a mobile respiratory exercise device in patients with ankylosing spondylitis have a positive effect on respiratory capacity and activities of daily living in patients. Inflammation of the thoracic and costovertebral joints in ankylosing spondylitis causes gradual fusion and ossification over time, which adversely affects costal mobility and thoracic expansion. In some patients, this leads to increased dorsal kyphosis, thoracic stiffness and permanent limitation of chest wall motion. Expansion and reduced lung volume as a result of mechanical constriction caused by ankylosis of the thoracic joints explains the restrictive breathing pattern in these patients. In addition, previous studies have shown that the inflammatory process of the disease causes pain and stiffness in the thoracic joints, contributing to decreased respiratory function. It is thought that breathing exercises that strengthen the inspiratory muscles may prevent or delay complications that may occur due to inspiratory muscle weakness. Previous studies in the literature have examined the effectiveness of inspiratory muscle training in different disease groups. However, few studies in patients with ankylosing spondylitis have examined the effect of inspiratory muscle training on pulmonary function and aerobic capacity. According to our current knowledge, there is no academic study in the international literature using the mobile respiratory exercise device AirOFit PRO™ (AirOFit, Copenhagen, Denmark) for personalised respiratory exercise in any rheumatic disease. According to our current knowledge, there is no academic study in the international literature using the AirOFit PRO™ (AirOFit, Copenhagen, Denmark) mobile respiratory exercise device for personalised respiratory exercise in any rheumatic disease. This study will be the first study to evaluate the effectiveness of a daily sustainable respiratory exercise programme suitable for home use in rheumatic patients and will be included in the international literature. In addition, it will be the basis for academic studies that enable long-term follow-up of patients with this mobile application. Inclusion Criteria: * Volunteer for the study * Be over 18 years old * To be in the follow-up of Usak University Rheumatology outpatient clinic * Stability in medical treatment (keeping disease activity under control with the same medical treatment for at least 6 months) Exclusion Criteria: * The presence of diseases that affect the function of the respiratory system (such as pneumonia, pleurisy, empyema, pneumothorax, hemothorax, hydrothorax, atelectasis, pulmonary oedema, pulmonary hypertension, emphysema, and lung cancer). * The presence of a regular exercise habit (regularly 3 days a week for at least six months). * Significant physical disability or impairment (regular use of walking aids, etc.)
Kinesiotaping on HP Patients Pulmonary Parameters Effects of Thoracic Kinesio Taping on Pulmonary Functions, Respiratory Muscle Strength and Functional Capacity in Patients With Hemiplegia The aim of this study is to investigate whether thoracic kinesio taping contributes to the improvement of pulmonary function, the strengthening of respiratory muscles and the enhancement of overall physical ability in stroke patients with hemiplegia. To assess this, a randomized controlled trial will be conducted involving 30 patients aged between 45 and 80 years who have been diagnosed with hemiplegia resulting from a stroke. Participants will be randomly assigned to one of two groups: the Kinesio Taping Group (KTG) or the Sham Kinesio Taping Group (SKTG). The duration of the intervention will be four weeks. During this period, individuals in the KTG will receive thoracic kinesio taping in addition to standard rehabilitation care. In the SKTG, taping will be applied to the same thoracic area but without tension. Measurements will be obtained both before and after the intervention. These assessments will include pulmonary function tests (such as forced vital capacity and forced expiratory volume), evaluations of respiratory muscle strength (specifically maximum inspiratory pressure), and assessments of functional capacity. Hemiplegia, a condition commonly occurring after a stroke, results in paralysis or significant weakness on one side of the body. Although it is primarily recognized for limiting movement in the limbs, hemiplegia can also profoundly affect respiratory function. Many individuals with hemiplegia experience compromised respiratory performance, which can negatively impact overall health, delay recovery, and reduce quality of life. When a stroke affects brain regions responsible for motor control, it may also impair the muscles involved in breathing. Consequently, individuals with hemiplegia often present with weakened respiratory muscles, restricted thoracic mobility, and diminished lung function. These impairments can lead to insufficient oxygen intake, increased susceptibility to respiratory infections such as pneumonia, and prolonged hospitalization. In addition to muscle weakness, patients may develop stiffness in the chest wall and diaphragm, which limits thoracic expansion during inhalation. This restriction can reduce lung capacity and increase the effort required for breathing. Over time, decreased movement in the thoracic region may result in muscle fibrosis and further loss of flexibility. These changes contribute to symptoms such as dyspnea, fatigue, and reduced functional capacity in daily activities. Furthermore, malnutrition-commonly observed in individuals with neurological conditions like stroke-can exacerbate respiratory muscle weakness and increase the risk of respiratory failure. The interplay between poor nutritional status, weakened respiratory muscles, and compromised lung function may create a detrimental cycle that hinders recovery. To improve pulmonary function in patients with hemiplegia, thoracic kinesio taping may be a promising method. This technique involves applying elastic therapeutic tape to the thoracic region to support muscular function, improve posture, enhance breathing mechanics, and increase proprioceptive awareness. The present study aims to determine whether thoracic kinesio taping can enhance pulmonary function (i.e., lung performance), strengthen respiratory muscles (particularly those involved in inspiration), and improve overall physical capacity in stroke patients with hemiplegia. To evaluate this, a randomized controlled trial will be conducted involving 30 patients between the ages of 45 and 80 who have been diagnosed with hemiplegia resulting from a stroke. All participants will be medically stable and will have experienced a stroke within the previous six months. Patients with significant cardiac or neurological comorbidities, psychiatric conditions impairing communication, or dermatological sensitivities will be excluded to ensure safety and data integrity. The intervention will span four weeks. During this period, participants will receive thoracic kinesio taping in addition to standard rehabilitation care. In the control group, sham taping will be applied to the same thoracic region without tension. Assessments will be performed before and after the intervention. These will include pulmonary function tests (e.g., forced vital capacity and forced expiratory volume), measurements of respiratory muscle strength (specifically maximum inspiratory pressure, or MIP), and evaluations of functional capacity. It is anticipated that an improvement in MIP may be observed, suggesting a strengthening of inspiratory muscles due to the intervention. No significant changes are expected in maximum expiratory pressure (MEP), which assesses expiratory muscle strength. Any observed improvements in respiratory parameters and daily functional abilities would support the efficacy of thoracic kinesio taping as a supplementary tool in stroke rehabilitation. This study holds significance by addressing a frequently overlooked component of stroke recovery: respiratory health. Identifying effective strategies to support pulmonary function may enhance recovery outcomes, reduce complications, and promote greater independence in daily life. The results of this study may also inform the development of more comprehensive rehabilitation protocols for individuals with hemiplegia. Inclusion Criteria: * The patients with stroke diagnosis by a neurologist * 45-80 years old * Participating to the study in a voluntary basis. * Patients with clinical setting * Patient diagnosed at lest stroke attack within 6 months * They are Medically stable situation Exclusion Criteria: * Any Other neurological or orthopedic problems that will affect function other than Stroke * Patients having unstable * Severe heart diseases like heart failure, unstable hypertension, previous angina pectoris or myocardial infarction * Skin sensitivity against kinesio tape * Lesion or incision in the area of kinesio tape application * Use of analgesics during study period . * Mental and cognitive disorders that would affect cooperation.
Survey of Inpatients on Integrative Therapy Methods Patient Survey on Integrative Therapy Methods - a Cross-sectional Study of Hospital Inpatients Observational study of general patient satisfaction and inpatients' experiences with integrative therapies. The study recruits inpatients of the Filderklinik, an anthroposophic hospital in southwestern Germany. The aim is to assess overall patient satisfaction and inpatients' experiences with integrative therapies at the Filderklinik. This is a cross-sectional study to investigate general patient satisfaction and inpatients' experiences with integrative therapies in an anthroposophic hospital. Participants will be recruited at the Filderklinik, a hospital in southwestern Germany that uses anthroposophic medicine (AM) on a broad basis. Inpatients who have received at least 10 treatments with one or more of the different integrative therapy methods will be asked for their willingness to participate. After providing written informed consent, participants will complete a questionnaire on integrative therapies received and overall patient satisfaction. In addition, data from the clinic database will be analyzed and cross-checked with the questionnaire data to verify and specify information about the participating sample. The focus of the study is to assess general patient satisfaction and experience with integrative therapy methods among inpatients at the Filderklinik. Inclusion Criteria: * Written informed consent * Filderklinik inpatient who had at least 10 treatments with one ore more of the integrative therapy methods * Age 18 years or older Exclusion Criteria: * Insufficient German language skills * Legally incapacitated patients * Patients who are physically incapable of giving written consent * Patients in isolation wards
Cell-free DNA From Junction of Hepatitis B Virus Integration in HCC Patients for Monitoring Post-resection Recurrence Cell-free DNA From the Junction of Hepatitis B Virus Integration in HCC Patients for Monitoring Post-resection Recurrence: A Comparison Study With Current Biomarkers HBV DNA integration has been found in the chromosomes of about 90% of HBV-related HCC and the integration site is unique to individual HCC. The virus-host chimera DNA (vh-DNA) from HBV integration sites in HCC a reliable evidence even in the patient with a tiny tumor which is not large enough to be detected by the image scan. The goal of this observational study is to compare the prediction ability of vh-DNA with the other biomarkers for monitoring the recurrent of HBV-related HCC. The main questions that aim to answer are the sensitivity and specificity of vh-DNA/AFP/ALP-L3/PIVKA-II/TERTC2280 when the gold standard is the guideline of HCC diagnosis. The surgical tissues and plasma samples from the participants would be collected undergoing the HCC recession surgery when joining the study at the beginning, in order to identify the HBV integration in tumor by Capture NGS and quantify the specific vh-DNA in plasma by ddPCR as personalized biomarkers for minimal residual disease (MRD) monitoring. Moreover, the consistency of vh-DNA from tumor will be validated by pre-operative plasma. Then the participants will be asked to performed the visit at 2, 5, 8, 11, 14 months after the HCC recession surgery. The plasma sample for vh-DNA/AFP/ AFP-L3/ PIVKA-II/ TERTp C228T testing and the image data from ultrasound, CT or MRI would also be collected at these visits. When the vh-DNA testing result is positive and there is no recurrence at 14 months after the HCC recession surgery, some participants will be asked to followed at 17, 20 months. Researcher will compare the sensitivity, specificity and predict day of vh-DNA with AFP/ AFP-L3/ PIVKA-II/ TERTp C228T as a biomarker for HCC surveillance. The true value of this novel HBV chimera vh-DNA will be revealed. The results will also support to use for monitoring post-operative recurrence. In addition, the investigators will explore the performance of TERTp C228T mutation from non-HBV HCC patients. As a different target of ctDNA for HCC, TERTp C228T will be identified using surgical tissues from HCC patients, and plasma samples from the same patient before/after operation will be tested by ddPCR . It will be evaluated that TERTp C228T is predictive or not for recurrence monitoring of HCC. Inclusion Criteria: 1. ≥20 years old. 2. Subject who is diagnosed with HCC 3. Subject who is scheduled to undergo hepatic resection or liver transplant. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subject who should not treat with the contrast media (for imaging) 2. Active malignancy (still under intensive cancer treatment or considered in progression) or disease free interval less than one year before entering the study.
Evaluation of 4 Artemisinin-based Combinations for Treating Uncomplicated Malaria in African Children Evaluation of 4 Artemisinin-based Combinations for Treating Uncomplicated Malaria in African Children The main objective is to compare the safety and efficacy of 4 artemisinin-based combinations (ACT) \[amodiaquine-artesunate (AQ+AS), dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DHAPQ), artemether-lumefantrine (AL) and chlorproguanil/dapsone plus artesunate\] for single and repeat treatments of uncomplicated malaria in children. Safety will be determined by registering adverse events and grading, laboratory, and vital signs evaluations. Their incidence will be compared between the different study arms. TO BE NOTED: following GlaxoSmithKline decision to discontinue the clinical development of the fixed-doses combination of Lapdap (Chlorproguanil-Dapsone) and artesunate, the Lapdap plus Artesunate arm was immediately discontinued in this study, on 17th February 2008. A formal amendment has been submitted to all the concerned ECs and competent authorities. The leading EC approved the amendment on 2nd June 2008. TO BE NOTED: since the batches of the study drug DHAPQ expire at the end of October 2008, and because of the unavailability of a new batch of DHAPQ from the manufacturer, the recruitment in the DHAPQ arm had to be discontinued on 30th October 2008. A formal amendment has been submitted to all the concerned ECs and competent authorities. Inclusion Criteria: * Males and Females aged between 6 months and 59 months inclusive. In the sites where CDA is tested all recruited children will be aged between 12 months and 59 months inclusive (this arm was discontinued on 17th February 2008). This criterion applies only for the recruitment in the first follow up. For the second follow up, children having been included in the first follow up are eligible, regardless of their age. * Body weight of 5 Kg and above. * Microscopically confirmed, monoinfection of Plasmodium falciparum (parasitaemia ≥ 2,000/μL to 200,000/μL). * Fever (axillary temperature at ≥ 37.5°C) or history of fever in the previous 24 hours. * Haemoglobin value ≥ 7.0 g/dl; * Signed (or thumb-printed whenever parents/guardians are illiterate) informed consent by the parents or guardians. Note the informed consent will be asked only at recruitment and will cover the whole period of the study, including second active follow up and passive case detection. * Parents' or guardians' willingness and ability to comply with the study protocol for the duration of the trial. Exclusion Criteria: * Participation in any other investigational drug study (antimalarial or others) during the previous 30 days. * Known hypersensitivity to the study drugs. * Severe malaria. * Danger signs: not able to drink or breast-feed, vomiting (\> twice in 24hours), recent history of convulsions (\>1 in 24h), unconscious state, unable to sit or stand. * Presence of intercurrent illness or any condition (cardiac, renal, hepatic diseases) which in the judgement of the investigator would place the subject at undue risk or interfere with the results of the study, including known G6PD deficiency. * Severe malnutrition (defined as weight for height \<70% of the median NCHS/WHO reference). * Ongoing prophylaxis with drugs having antimalarial activity such as cotrimoxazole for the prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in children born to HIV+ women.
Efficacy of Ondansetron in LARS Treatment Efficacy of Ondansetron in the Treatment of Low Anterior Resection Syndrome (LARS): a Multi-centre, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Crossover Study Patients will be randomized (1:1 ratio) to receive either 4 weeks of Ondansetron followed by 4 weeks of placebo (O-P sequence) or 4 weeks of placebo followed by 4 weeks of Ondansetron (P-O sequence). It will be one week of washout between the two treatments. During the treatment questionnaires will be completed by the patients to evaluate the efficacy of the study treatment and the quality of live. This is a multi-centre randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study aimed at testing the efficacy of Ondansetron in the low anterior resection syndrome (LARS) occurring as a consequence of surgery for rectal cancer. Patients will be randomized (1:1 ratio) to receive either 4 weeks of Ondansetron followed by 4 weeks of placebo (O-P sequence) or 4 weeks of placebo followed by 4 weeks of Ondansetron (P-O sequence). Neither the investigator nor the patient will be aware of the sequence (O-P or P-O) assigned to the patient. One week will elapse between the end of the first treatment and start of the second treatment. The hypothesis to be tested is that 4 weeks of oral Ondansetron at the dose of 4mg BID induce a variation of the LARS Score at least 7 points (20%) greater than the variation occurring after 4 weeks of placebo. The sample size calculated for the primary analysis is 38 evaluable patients. Considering an expected attrition rate of about 20%, it is expected to enrol approximately 46 patients in total. Inclusion Criteria: * Age ≥ 18 years * Patients willing and able to comply with the study procedures * Female patients of childbearing potential must agree to use a reliable method of contraception * Written informed consent Patients who have undergone low anterior resection (LAR) for rectal cancer in the last 2 years provided that at least 4 weeks have elapsed since recanalization and 4 weeks have elapsed since any chemo- and/or radiotherapy * Presence of functioning anastomosis * Presence of significant LARS symptoms assessed by LARS Score Exclusion Criteria: * Known hypersensitivity or allergy to Ondansetron * Previous Ondansetron antiemetic therapy completed less than 4 weeks before study entry * Antitumor chemotherapy or radiotherapy completed less than 4 weeks before study entry * Congenital long Q-T syndrome * Ongoing treatment with drugs causing prolongation of the Q-T interval * Uncorrected hypokalemia or hypomagnesemia * Women who are pregnant or breast feeding or are willing to become pregnant during the study * Clinically significant concomitant disease states or anastomotic complications which could impair the ability of the patient to participate in the trial * Inability to follow the procedures of the study, e.g. due to language problems, psychological disorders, dementia, etc.
Phrenic Nerve Conduction Study to Diagnose Unilateral Diaphragmatic Paralysis Phrenic Nerve Conduction Study to Diagnose Unilateral Diaphragmatic Paralysis The study aims as the principal objective to compare two approaches to diagnosis unilateral diaphragmatic paralysis: transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi) measurement versus phrenic nerve conduction (NPC) study. The secondary objective of the study is the strengths and weaknesses of different tests. Diagnostic threshold values. Inpatient patients in Raymond Poincaré hospital are informed of the utilization of their data retrospectively by the hospital's welcome booklet and reports of patients' hospitalization. Period of date collected: November 2015 to June 2018. The reference standard was the diagnosis established during a multidisciplinary meeting held during patient management involving a neurologist, an electrophysiologist, a pulmonologist, and a respiratory physiologist. The medical history, physical findings, and all available investigations including imaging studies, ENMG, lung function tests, and Pdi measurement were considered during the meeting. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient ≥ 18 years; * Available data of Pdi and PNC; * Suspected unilateral diaphragmatic paralysis. Exclusion Criteria: * Abnormalities in thoracic wall which susceptible to modify the investigation's results; * Scoliosis; * Pleural effusion.
Clinical Performance of Two Cad-cam Fabricated Ceramic Restoration in Teeth Affected With MIH Clinical Performance of Two CAD/CAM Fabricated Ceramic Restorations With Different Preparation Designs for Rehabilitation Of Permanent First Molars Affected With Molar Incisor Hypomineralisation (MIH): Clinical Randomized Trial This study will be performed to evaluate the clinical performance (Plaque accumulation, fracture of (restoration or tooth), postoperative sensitivity, secondary caries, marginal fit and discoloration) of two CAD/CAM fabricated ceramic restorations (zirconia-reinforced lithium silicate glass ceramic and hybrid ceramic) with different preparation designs (modified occlusal veneer and endocrown) for rehabilitation of permanent first molars affected with different severity level of molar incisor hypomineralisation (MIH), evaluated at different time periods Clinical evaluation of all restorations will be performed according to: - Modified United States Public Health Service (USPHS) Ryge Criteria, at base line (1 week), 3, 6 and 12 months after cementation. Inclusion Criteria:- * Patient from 8 to 13 years * permanent first molar tooth affected with different severity levels of MIH * Ability to physically and psychologically tolerate conventional restorative procedures. Exclusion Criteria:. * Patients have active periodontal diseases. * Patient with poor oral hygiene and motivation. * Patient with psychiatric problems or unrealistic expectations
Femoral vs Radial Approach and MRI Evaluation of Strokes Silent Cerebral Infarction After Heart Catheterization: A Randomized Comparison of Radial and Femoral Arterial Access. Symptomatic cerebral infarction following cardiac catheterization is rare but silent brain injury could occur at an unexpectedly high rate. One study has found that up to 22% of patients with severe aortic stenosis who have undergone retrograde catheterization of the valve can be identified as having new ischemic lesions as detected by diffusion-weighted (DW) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). During cardiac catheterization, cerebral microembolism as detected by TCD has frequently been observed, but whether it is clinically relevant remains unknown . However, recent studies have suggested that some of these microemboli could be responsible for acute brain injury, as documented by DW MRI. Indeed the high sensitivity of DW MRI suggests that this technique could allow an improved estimate of cerebral ischemic events associated with cardiovascular-catheter procedures. We therefore decided to perform DW MRI before and after cardiac catheterization to prospectively assess both clinically silent and apparent cerebral embolisms for the first time in a multicenter trial. Furthermore, a randomization between radial and femoral access will allow assessment of risk of silent brain injury associated with the different vascular access sites. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient with significant aortic valve stenosis before planned surgery. Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindication to MRI or inability to give written informed consent.
A Study of Peginterferon Alfa-2a (Pegasys) When Administered in Combination With Ribavirin in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C (CHC) Randomized, Multicenter Study to Find Optimal Treatment Duration in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C and Subtype 1 or 4 Depending on HCV RNA Level at Week 8 and Week 12 This study will compare the efficacy and safety of 2 different treatment durations of peginterferon alfa-2a (Pegasys) plus ribavirin in patients with CHC. The anticipated time on study treatment is 1-2 years, and the target sample size is greater than (\>) 500 individuals. Inclusion Criteria: * Male and female patients with chronic hepatitis C and genotype 1 (1a or 1b) or genotype 4 * Age between 18 and 70 years * Serologic evidence of chronic hepatitis C infection by an anti-HCV antibody test * Present with at least one elevated serum alanine-aminotransferase (ALT) level higher than normal in the last 6 months before therapy start including the screening period * Positive HCV-RNA level in serum * Laboratory parameters (within 35 days prior to study start): -Hepatitis A anti - IgM negativity, HIV-Ab negativity, HBsAg negativity, Hemoglobin values \> 12 g/dl in women or \> 13 g/dl in men, Leukocyte count (WBC) \> 3 000 /mcl, Platelets count \> 100 000/mcl, Creatinine not 1.5 times higher than normal, normal TSH, normal uric acid with a maximum tolerance of 15 % in patients without history of gout * Liver biopsy findings within 6 months prior to study therapy consistent with the diagnosis of chronic hepatitis C infection with or without compensated cirrhosis. Biopsies older than 1 year are eligible only after direct communication with the principal investigator * Negative urine or blood pregnancy test (for women of childbearing potential) documented within the 24-hour period prior to the first dose of study drug. If there is no laboratory report existing, the physician should make an entry in the medical history that the pregnancy test was negative. * All fertile females receiving ribavirin must be using two forms of effective contraception during treatment and during the 6 months after treatment end. All fertile men with female partners must be using two forms of effective contraception during treatment and during the 7 months after treatment end. * Written informed consent obtained Exclusion Criteria: * Any IFN and / or Pegylated IFN and ribavirin therapy at any previous time * Class B or C cirrhosis as coded by Child Pugh classification * Women with ongoing pregnancy or breast feeding * Therapy with any systemic anti-neoplastic or immunomodulatory treatment (including supraphysiologic doses of steroids and radiation) 6 months prior to the first dose of study drug * Any investigational drug 6 weeks prior to the first dose of study drug * Drug addiction within 1 year prior to study start (patients participating in an official methadone program are eligible) * Diabetes mellitus in patients receiving an insulin therapy * Hemophiliac patients (due to the increased risk of requested liver biopsy) * History or other evidence of a medical condition associated with chronic liver disease other than HCV (e.g., hemochromatosis, autoimmune hepatitis, metabolic liver disease, alcoholic liver disease, toxin exposures) * History or other evidence of bleeding from esophageal varices or other conditions consistent with decompensated liver disease * History of severe psychiatric disease, especially depression. Severe psychiatric disease is defined as treatment with an antidepressant medication or a major tranquilizer at therapeutic doses for major depression or psychosis, respectively, for at least 3 months at any previous time or any history of the following: a suicidal attempt, hospitalization for psychiatric disease, or a period of disability due to a psychiatric disease. Exception: if there is a current psychiatric report which certifies there is no contraindication to interferon therapy, patient may be included * History of immunologically mediated disease (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, lupus erythematosus, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, scleroderma, severe psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis etc.) * History or other evidence of chronic pulmonary disease associated with functional limitation * History of a severe seizure disorder or current anticonvulsant use * History of severe cardiac disease and severe coronary heart disease within the last 6 months (angina pectoris, congestive heart failure, recent myocardial infarction, severe hypertension or significant arrhythmia). If there is clinical suspicion of coronary heart disease cardiologic workup of the patient prior to study entry is recommended. * History of thyroid disease poorly controlled on prescribed medications, elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations with elevation of antibodies to thyroid peroxidase and any clinical manifestations of thyroid disease * History or other evidence of severe illness, malignancy or any other conditions which would make the patient, in the opinion of the investigator, unsuitable for the study * History of major organ transplantation with an existing functional graft * Evidence of severe retinopathy (e.g. CMV retinitis, macula degeneration) * Inability or unwillingness to provide informed consent or abide by the requirements of the study Additional exclusion criteria concerning ribavirin: * Male partners of women who are pregnant * Any patient with an increased baseline risk for anemia (e.g. thalassemia, spherocytosis, history of GI bleeding, etc) or for whom anemia would be medically problematic * Patients with documented or presumed coronary artery disease or cerebrovascular disease should not be enrolled if, in the judgment of the investigator, an acute decrease in hemoglobin by up to 4 g/dL would not be well-tolerated
Evaluation of SPN-812 (Viloxazine Extended-release Capsule) in Adults With ADHD A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter, Parallel-Group Flexible-Dose Study of the Efficacy and Safety of SPN-812 in Adults With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) This study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of SPN-812 (Viloxazine extended-release capsules; 200-600 mg) in adults 18-65 years of age with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). This is a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, 2-arm, parallel-group, flexible dose trial assessing the efficacy and safety of SPN-812 (Viloxazine extended-release capsules; 200-600 mg) as monotherapy for the treatment of adults 18-65 years old with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Inclusion Criteria: 1. Is male or female, aged 18 to ≤ 65 years at screening. 2. Is able to read and understand the Informed Consent Form (ICF). 3. Written informed consent obtained from the subject (a signed ICF). 4. Weight within the normal or overweight ranges according to accepted values of the Body Mass Index Chart (18.0 to 35 kg/m2). 5. Is able to swallow capsules whole, without crushing, chewing or cutting. 6. Is willing and able to attend study appointments within the specified time windows. 7. Has a primary diagnosis of ADHD according to the DSM-5 classification, with diagnosis made at least 6 months prior to screening and confirmed with Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-5 Clinical Trials version (SCID-5-CT). 8. Has an AISRS Adult ADHD (Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder) Investigator Symptom Rating Scale total score of ≥ 26 at the Screening Visit and at the Baseline Visit (V2, Day 1). 9. Has a CGI-S score of ≥ 4 (moderately ill or worse) at the Screening Visit (V1) and Baseline Visit (V2, Day 1). 10. Females of childbearing potential (FOCP) must be either sexually inactive (abstinent) or, if sexually active, must agree to use one of the following acceptable birth control methods beginning 30 days prior to the first dose of SM and throughout the study: 1. Simultaneous use of male condom and intra-uterine contraceptive device placed at least 4 weeks prior to first SM administration 2. Surgically sterile male partner 3. Simultaneous use of male condom and diaphragm with spermicide 4. Established hormonal contraceptive Females are considered not to be of childbearing potential if they are either post-menopausal (amenorrhea for at least 2 years and serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) level of \>40 IU/L) or permanently sterilized (e.g., bilateral tubal ligation, hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy for 6 months minimum prior to screening). 11. Males must: 1. Use 2 methods of contraception in combination if his female partner is of childbearing potential; this combination of contraceptive methods must be used from the Baseline Visit to ≥ 1 month after the last dose of SM, or 2. Have been surgically sterilized prior to the Screening Visit. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Has previously enrolled in a SPN-812 study. 2. Is currently participating in another clinical trial or has participated in a clinical trial within 60 days prior to the first Screening Visit. 3. Is a member of the study personnel or of their immediate families, or is a subordinate (or immediate family member of a subordinate) to any of the study personnel. 4. Female subjects who are pregnant, lactating and/or sexually active and not agreeing to use one of the acceptable birth control methods throughout the study. 5. Has history of severe drug allergy or hypersensitivity, or known hypersensitivity, to the study medication or excipients. 6. Has history of moderate or severe head trauma or other neurological disorder or systemic medical disease that, in the Investigator's opinion, is likely to affect central nervous system functioning. This would include subjects with: 1. A current diagnosis of a major neurological disorder; or 2. Seizures, seizure disorder or seizure-like events; or a history of seizure disorder within the immediate family (siblings, parents); or 3. Encephalopathy 7. Has any history of schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, antisocial personality disorder, narcissistic personality disorder, autism, post-traumatic stress disorder or obsessive-compulsive disorder. 8. Has any current psychiatric disorder (per DSM-5 criteria) other than ADHD with the following exceptions: ADHD is primary diagnosis with comorbidity/secondary diagnoses of major depression disorder (MDD), nicotine dependence, social anxiety disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, or phobias, and subject is not receiving pharmacological treatment for the comorbidity/secondary diagnoses (e.g., antidepressant for MDD) at time of screening nor for the duration of study. 9. Has a Symptoms of Depression Questionnaire (SDQ) mean score \>3.0 at screening. 10. Has a Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) score of \> 21 at screening. 11. Has organic mental disorders, or mental disorders due to a general medical condition (per DSM-5 criteria). 12. Has a current diagnosis or history of substance use disorder including alcohol use disorder (excluding nicotine and caffeine) (per DSM-5 criteria) within the 12 months prior to screening; or is assessed by the Investigator as having regularly consumed alcohol exceeding 21 units for males and 14 units for females per week (1 unit equals 340 mL of beer, 115 mL of wine, or 43 mL of spirits) within the 12 months prior to screening. 13. Is currently using, or has a positive result on the drug screening at the Screening Visit for drugs of abuse (alcohol, opiates, methadone, cocaine, methamphetamine \[including ecstasy\], phencyclidine, propoxyphene, methylphenidate, barbiturates, and benzodiazepines). If subject's serum drug screen for ethanol is positive at Screening (V1) and the investigator determines subject does not have alcohol use disorder, then the subject may have a repeat serum drug screen for ethanol performed before baseline within the allotted screening period (results must be received prior to V2 baseline). If second serum drug screen for ethanol is positive, subject is excluded from participating in the study, however, if second serum drug screen for ethanol is negative, subject may proceed to V2. 14. Is a (known or self-identified) current habitual/chronic cannabis user (medicinal or recreational); or * Has a positive urine drug screen for cannabis at the Screening Visit and is considered, per the Investigator's judgement, to be a habitual/chronic cannabis user; or * Has a positive urine drug screen for cannabis at both the screening and follow-up drug screen at the Baseline Visit, even though the subject is not considered, per the Investigator's judgement, to be a habitual/chronic cannabis user. Note: Subjects who have a positive urine drug screen for cannabis at the Screening Visit but who are not considered to be a habitual/chronic cannabis user per the Investigator's judgement may, with Sponsor approval, undergo an additional urine drug screen at least 4 weeks after the original urine drug screen at Baseline Visit, prior to randomization. Subjects must agree to refrain from cannabis use throughout study. 15. Has treatment-resistant ADHD based on a history of receipt of \>2 approved ADHD medications that failed to adequately improve the subject's symptoms. A subject who is naïve to ADHD treatment is not excluded from study participation. 16. Has any other disorder for which its treatment takes priority over treatment of ADHD or is likely to interfere with study treatment, impair treatment compliance, or interfere with interpretation of study results. 17. Has history of cancer, other than basal cell or Stage 1 squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has not been in remission for \> 5 years prior to the first dose of SM. 18. Has or has had one or more of the following conditions considered clinically significant/relevant by the Investigator in the context of the study: * cardiovascular disease * congestive heart failure * cardiac hypertrophy * arrhythmia * bradycardia (pulse \< 50 bpm) * tachycardia (pulse \> 100 bpm) * respiratory disease * hepatic impairment or renal insufficiency * metabolic disorder * endocrine disorder * gastrointestinal disorder * hematological disorder * infectious disorder * any clinically significant immunological condition * dermatological disorder 19. Exhibits clinically significant abnormal vital signs at screening. 20. Has one or more screening clinical laboratory test values outside the reference range that, in the opinion of the Investigator, are clinically significant, or any of the following: * Serum creatinine \> 1.5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN); * Serum total bilirubin \> 1.5 times ULN; * Serum alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase \> 2 times ULN. 21. Has any of the following cardiology findings at screening: * Abnormal ECG that is, in the Investigator's opinion, clinically significant; * PR interval \> 220 ms; * QRS interval \> 130 ms; * QTcF interval \> 450 ms (for men) or \> 470 ms (for women) (QT corrected using Fridericia's method); * Second- or third-degree atrioventricular block; * Any rhythm, other than sinus rhythm, that is interpreted by the Investigator to be clinically significant. 22. Has any disease or medication that could, in the Investigator's opinion, interfere with the assessments of safety, tolerability, or efficacy, or interfere with study conduct or interpretation of results. 23. Evidence of infection with hepatitis B or C, or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 or HIV-2, as determined by results of testing at screening. 24. Lost or donated more than 450 mL of blood during the 30 days prior to screening. 25. Use of any investigational drug or prohibited concomitant medications including known CYP1A2 substrates (e.g., theophylline, melatonin) within 30 days or 5 half-lives prior to Baseline Visit (Day 1) (whichever is longer) during the screening period or anticipated for the duration of the study. 26. History of unexplained loss of consciousness, unexplained syncope, unexplained irregular heartbeats or palpitations or near drowning with hospital admission. 27. Has attempted suicide within the 6 months prior to screening, or is at significant risk of suicide, either in the opinion of the Investigator or defined as a "yes" to suicidal ideation questions 4 or 5 or answering "yes" to suicidal behavior on the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) within the 6 months prior to screening. 28. In the Investigator's opinion, is unlikely to comply with the protocol or is unsuitable for any other reason.
Effectiveness of Nitrous Oxide 50% for Reducing Pain and Distress Associated with Needle-stick in Children Effectiveness of Nitrous Oxide 50% for Reducing Pain and Distress Associated with Needle-stick in Children: a Prospective Randomized Blinded Controlled Trial Venipuncture (puncturing of a vein) through the skin in order to insert a vein catheter (also know as cannula) is one of the most common needle-related medical procedures performed in children. Venipuncture is necessary for administration of sedation to facilitate motionless patient state for radiological imaging studies such as diagnostic nuclear medicine imaging or CT scan studies. The current practice for management of needle-related pain is to use needle-less topical local anesthetic delivery systems. These delivery systems are increasingly used in children to anesthetize the skin prior to venipuncture and venous cannulae insertion. This can reduce the pain and distress associated with the needle sticks, however, many children express considerable fear, anxiety and distress during medical procedures that involve needles. Anticipatory pain and phobia associated with needle stick may render the patient uncooperative and anxious even when effective analgesia is produced by a topical local anesthetic. Both the discomfort and associated anxiety during such an intervention can be considerably improved when inhaled nitrous oxide is used alone or in combination with local anesthetics. The administration of nitrous oxide (50% to 70%) for painful procedures is an effective and safe method of suppressing procedural pain and distress in children over the age of one year (level 3 evidence). When compared to other intravenous sedation agents, nitrous oxide 50% used for uncomplicated painful procedures is associated with markedly shorter recovery time and less respiratory side effects (level 3 evidence). When combined with local anesthetics for procedural pain and stress management, nitrous oxide 50% is more effective and has higher success rate compared to orally administered anxiolytics or local anesthetic alone (level 2 evidence). Combining nitrous oxide (50-70%) and local anesthetics is shown to be a more effective procedural sedation than local anesthetics alone (level 1 evidence). The efficacy and safety of inhaled 50-70% nitrous oxide for relief of mild-to-moderate anxiety and pain of venipuncture in children just prior to induction of anesthesia have been investigated in randomized controlled trials by anesthesiologists; physician who are skilled and competent in providing optimal sedation in the operating room setting. The major benefit of administration of a fixed low concentration of 50% nitrous oxide for procedural sedation is that it achieves pain relief while retaining verbal contact with the patient. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of administration of low fixed concentration 50% nitrous oxide using a nitrous oxide mask delivery system for control of mild-to-moderate procedural sedation during performance of needle-related pain (i.e., venipuncture) in children has not been investigated in a blinded randomized controlled trials outside the operating room setting when provided by skilled and competent non-anesthesia trained personnel. In view of safety of low concentration (50%) of nitrous oxide due to preservation of the patent airway, lack of respiratory depression and rapid recovery, investigators propose this preliminary study to validate the hypothesis that nurse-administered premixed inhaled nitrous oxide and oxygen at a fixed 50:50% concentration with or without a topical anesthetic can provide safe and effective pain relief and reduce behavioral distress in preschool children during routine placement of intravenous cannulation prior to administration of intravenous sedation for nuclear medicine studies and CT imaging studies. To test this hypothesis, investigators propose performing a prospective, double blind control trial in 105 children undergoing nuclear medicine studies or CT imaging, randomized into three groups; 1. the treatment groups will receive either nitrous oxide and a placebo topical anesthetic patch or 2. nitrous oxide and a topical anesthetic patch (Synera) and 3. the placebo group will receive oxygen mask and a topical anesthetic patch (Synera). The topical anesthetic patch or placebo patch will be applied for 20 minutes prior to the scheduled insertion of intravenous cannula. The use of a topical local anesthetic such as the Synera patch is a standard of care for placement of intravenous cannula at Children's Hospital Boston. Assessments to estimate the effectiveness of nitrous oxide with and without the use of topical anesthesia Synera patch will include; 1. Assessment of child's pain and observer report of pain control. 2. Child's anxiety before and during the procedure. 3. Tolerability of the mask delivery system of a fixed concentration of 50% nitrous oxide outside the operating room. 4. Accuracy of nitrous oxide delivery dose by measuring the end-tidal concentration of nitrous oxide. 5. Adverse events related to use of nitrous oxide alone or in combination with a topical analgesic. This study was never conducted due to lack of funding Inclusion Criteria: * • Children ages 3 to 6 years of age who require diagnostic CT or nuclear medicine studies under conscious sedation * Guardians give consent and the child gives assent when appropriate * Both genders * All racial and ethnic groups * English and other languages speaking and reading children and guardians (for consent/assent purposes) Exclusion Criteria: * Age less than 3 or older than 6 years * Patients who had a history of adverse events with facemask; mask phobia * If parents/patients refuse to participate in the study * Fasting less than 2h for clear liquids, 4h breast milk, 6h formula and fortified breast milk for under 1 yr and 8h for over 1yr, 8h for non-human milk and solid food. * Impairment of cognition/neurologic, hepatic, renal, cardiovascular, endocrine, metabolic, and/or coagulation function. * A history of any diagnosis of psychiatric disorders as reported by parents/guardians * A history of chronic pain and/or use of chronic (daily around the clock) opioids, other analgesics or sedatives/hypnotics * Intake of prescription medications or over-the-counter medications known to affect pain perception such as narcotics, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, stimulants, hypnotics, sedatives, etc. within 8 hours of planned surgical procedure * Vitamin B12 \& folate deficiency * Immune suppression (e.g., postoperative organ transplant, chemotherapy, neutropenia, any condition suppresses immunity or bone marrow) * Abnormal homocysteine metabolism * Lung cyst, bowel obstruction, middle ear disease, pneumothorax, head injury, active gastro-esophageal reflux, history of delayed gastric emptying and vomiting, upper airway obstruction, airway infection, active wheezing from asthma, and apnea * Significant impairments: pulmonary hypertensions, cardiomyopathy, hypovolemia, meningitis, space occupying lesions of the brain e.g. tumors, sepsis, severe liver diseases (e.g., biliary atresia, liver failure)
Feasibility of Short-Term PrEP Uptake for MSM With Episodic High-Risk for HIV Feasibility of Short-Term PrEP Uptake for MSM With Episodic High-Risk for HIV This study is designed to investigate the acceptability, perceived need and uptake of short-term episodic Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV prevention among men who have sex with men (MSM). The overall objective is to determine the feasibility of a clinic-based Epi-PrEP implementation pilot project for 50 MSM (25/each of the 2 study sites) who report occasional condomless sex and who anticipate a period of high-risk while away from home (e.g. vacation) during the study period. This proposed study is designed to investigate the acceptability, perceived need and uptake of short-term episodic Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis for HIV prevention among men who have sex with men (MSM). Long-term PrEP may be unnecessary for the many HIV-uninfected men who have episodic contextually defined high-risk periods, particularly when away from their home setting. Alternative dosing strategies, such as short-term fixed-interval episodic PrEP (Epi-PrEP), may be a more realistic, feasible, acceptable, and useful option with high public health impact for the majority of MSM. The overall objective is to determine the feasibility of a clinic-based Epi-PrEP implementation pilot project for 50 MSM (25/each of the 2 study sites) who report occasional condomless sex and who anticipate a period of high-risk while away from home (e.g. vacation) during the study period. Inclusion Criteria: * Self-identify as MSM: (1) born male who (2) has sex with men * Age: 18 or older * Sexual Risk: has had condomless anal sex with 2 or more men or any transactional sex with a man within the past 12-months. * Vacation: identified an upcoming period of episodic risk away (i.e. vacation) from their home city that will last at least 7 but not more than 14 days during which they anticipate having at least one high-risk sexual event. * Able and willing to provide informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * HIV positive * Glomerular filtration rate \< 60 mL/min (calculated using the Cockcroft-Gault formula) * Hepatitis B surface antigen positive * Symptoms suggestive of acute HIV seroconversion at screening or enrollment * Have used PrEP or PEP within the previous 3 months * Currently enrolled in another study involving medications, investigational drug, or medical device * Has other conditions (based on opinion of investigator or designee) that would preclude informed consent, make the study unsafe, complicate interpretation of study outcome data, or otherwise interfere with study procedures
Graft Rejection or Tolerance Affected by Serial Change of Anti-donor Lymphocyte Antibody After Liver Transplantation Graft Rejection or Tolerance Affected by Serial Change of Anti-donor Lymphocyte Antibody After Liver Transplantation Liver is an organ that is well-known for its immune tolerant capacity. However, there were still controversial issues about the impact of immunologic challenge after liver transplantation on the graft function. Different results of graft function affected by immunologic factors such as pre-transplant panel reactive antibody (PRA) status, pre-transplant positive lymphocyte cross match (LCM), or post-transplant circulating donor specific antibody (DSA) has been reported according to individual institutes. There was no trial for presenting anti-donor lymphocyte antibody change after liver transplantation. The investigators designed this study to analyze the correlation between pre- and post-transplant immune status (PRA, LCM), and graft survival / rejection episode. Also, the investigators will find aspects of anti-donor lymphocyte antibody change after liver transplantation. Study Design: Target study population is forty patients who will undergo liver transplantation for 1 year in YUHS. Pediatric and early mortality cases will be excluded. Blood sample will be collected at pre-transplant period, post-transplant 7, 14, 21 day, 3 month and 6 month. Inclusion Criteria: * Liver recipients who undergo liver transplantation between Mar, 2011 and Feb, 2012 * Patients who can be followed for more than 3 months after transplantation Exclusion Criteria: * Age under 20 years * Multi-organ transplantation * Not agree with informed consent * Patient who had plant to be transferred to other country or center
Cervix Monitor for Elasticity and Length Measurements Cervix Monitor for Risk Assessment of Spontaneous Preterm Delivery Preterm birth is a leading global cause of neonatal mortality despite of numerous advances and intensive research in perinatal medicine. Almost one million children die each year due to complications of preterm birth and in almost all countries with reliable data, preterm birth rates are increasing. Of the 14 million survivors per year, many face a lifetime of disability, including learning disabilities, visual and hearing impairments. Spontaneous preterm delivery (SPTD) is often multi factorial event, precocious cervical softening, shortening and dilatation are a common denominator. The majority of preterm births happen spontaneously, though some are due to early induction of labor or cesarean birth, typically due to medical maternal of neonatal conditions. The uterine cervix has to provide structural integrity and mechanical resistance to ensure normal development of the fetus as the uterus expands to accommodate the fetus growth. Preterm delivery is closely related to a premature cervical ripening. The scientific bases for the proposed project is the elasticity modulus of a cervix is a more sensitive parameter characterizing the stage of cervical ripening. The main component of the cervix tissue is a collagen. Cervical ripening is the result of realignment of collagen, degradation of collagen cross-linking due to proteolytic enzymes. These processes affect the elasticity modulus of the cervical tissue. Therefore, assessment of cervix by a device measuring cervical elasticity and cervical length appears to be and adequate approach for identifying pregnant women at high risk of spontaneous preterm delivery. The primary cervical elasticity assessment currently used in clinical practice is relying on the evaluation of the cervix as "hard, medium or soft". In the scope of this project the investigators propose to develop and clinically validate a new and cost-effective device, Cervix Monitor for detecting cervix conditions leading to SPTD and its risk assessment. The CM will be based on measuring of the applied pressure to the cervix by a tactile sensor array and ultrasound measurement of cervix length . Inclusion Criteria: 1. Adult women age 21-44 years 2. Non-pregnant women, or 3. Pregnant women Exclusion Criteria: 1. Active cancer of the colon, rectum wall, cervix, vaginal, uterus or bladder 2. Ongoing or prior radiation therapy for abdominal or pelvic cancer 3. Recent (less than four months) pelvic surgery 4. Surgically absent uterus, rectum or bladder 5. Significant circulatory or cardiac conditions that could cause excessive risk from the examination as determined by attending physician 6. Severe abdominal or pelvic adhesions preventing access to pertinent anatomy 7. Known or suspected bleeding disorder 8. HIV or hepatitis B positive serology 9. Warty lesions on the vulva 10. Extensive varicose veins on the vulva 11. Active skin infection or ulceration within the vagina/vulva (Herpes infection) 12. Presence of a vaginal septum 13. Severe hemorrhoids
Predicting the Need for Intubation in Hospitalised COVID-19 Patients (PRED ICU COVID19) Predicting the Need for Intubation in Hospitalised COVID-19 Patients (PRED ICU COVID19) One of the main challenges of the health crisis caused by the COVID-19 epidemic is the availability of beds in intensive care units (ICUs) and, more importantly, the need for invasive mechanical ventilation (IVM) because the ICUs are currently reserved for intubated patients. The experiences of both China and Italy indicate that a certain number of COVID-19 patients will require mechanical ventilation. However, the limited number of resuscitation beds and ventilators requires strict use of these scarce resources. As a significant proportion about 5% to 10%, of patients initially admitted to hospital with COVID-19 will require ventilation, it is essential to anticipate their need for resuscitation to improve the rare resource of beds and ventilator shortages in intensive care units. The hypothesis of the study is that, in proven or suspected hospitalised and oxygen-requiring COVID-19 patients, an early predictive clinical score, calculated over the three first days of admission may allow for an earlier identification of patients who will require intubation and transfer to an intensive care unit for orotracheal intubation Inclusion Criteria: * Proven or expected COVID-19 patients hospitalised in a non-intensive care unit for less than 24 hours, * Patients requiring oxygen therapy, * Age ≥ 18 years old. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients who are opposed to taking part in the study and who are opposed to the collection and use of the data that the study aims to collect., * Patients who can not be intubated for medical reasons, * Pregnant women, parturient women or nursing mothers , * Adult person subject to a legal protection measure (guardianship, curatorship, judicial safeguard), * Adults person who is unable to give consent and who is not subject to a legal protection measure, * Persons deprived of their liberty by a judicial or administrative decision, * Persons subject to psychiatric care under duress.
EffectS of prEferred Music on Laparoscopic performancE The Effect of Preferred Music on Laparoscopic Performance The main objective is to investigate whether listening to recorded music has a positive effect on the execution of laparoscopic skills. Secondary objectives are to investigate the effects of music during surgical performance on blood pressure, mental workload and heart rate. Study design: This will be a 4-period 4-sequence 2-treatment crossover study, participants will be exposed to both control (noise cancelling headphones without music) and the intervention (preferred music via headphones) whilst performing a laparoscopic task in a box trainer. Every period consists of 5 repetitions of a laparoscopic peg transfer task. In total participants will perform in each condition 10 peg transfer tasks. Prior to the experiment, all participants practice the laparoscopic peg transfer task 20 times Study population: Healthy volunteering medicine students without laparoscopic experience. Intervention (if applicable): Participants will perform 2 periods of 5 laparoscopic peg transfer task whilst listening to preferred recorded music via headphones and 2 periods of 5 laparoscopic peg transfer tasks while wearing noise cancelling headphones without music (2 periods of 5 tasks). Main study parameters/endpoints: The primary endpoint is laparoscopic performance as defined by time of task completion Secondary endpoints are: laparoscopic task performance (path length, jerk, error score, economy of motion) vital parameters (heart rate, and post test blood pressure) and mental workload (SURG-TLX) Inclusion Criteria: In order to be eligible to participate in this study a subject must meet all of the following criteria. * Age ≥ 18 years * Medicine students * Provision of written informed consent by the subject. A potential subject who meets any of the following criteria will be excluded from participation in this study: * Severe hearing impairment, defined as no verbal communication possible. * Severe visual impairment, defined as not able to see the monitor on which the laparoscopic task is projected. * Any physical handicap that impairs laparoscopic performance (unable to stand for 10 minutes, unable to hold and use both instruments.
BraveNet Integrative Medicine Descriptive Study BraveNet Multi-Center Integrative Medicine Survey The Bravewell Integrative Medicine Research Network (BraveNet) is a newly formed practice-based research network of nine leading integrative medicine centers around the U.S. collaborating in clinical outcomes research to increase the knowledge and evidence-base of integrative medicine. Specific Aims of BraveNet: 1. Demonstrate feasibility for the nine sites of BraveNet to coordinate in specifying data elements, developing and implementing smooth data collection procedures, analyzing the data, publishing and disseminating the results through scientific conferences and journals. 2. Describe the patients seeking care at Integrative Medicine centers, in terms of: 1. demographics, presenting symptoms, health conditions, type of care sought, and expectations for treatment; 2. quality of life, mood, stress; and 3. lifestyle factors. 3. Explore potential patterns within the sample \[e.g., do the survey scores vary by demographics, by condition, by type patient (new vs return), by type of help sought, etc.\]. 4. Utilize above data as pilot data for future studies and funding opportunities. Up to five hundred eligible patients seen at each of the nine participating Centers will be approached (by mail, phone, at the time of their visit, etc.) and invited to consent to the paper and pencil study. The patient survey will clearly state that participation is voluntary with a written consent to participate on the front. Individual practices will report the response rate in order to monitor the potential effect of volunteer bias. Participant completion of questionnaires should take 15 to 30 minutes, and should be completed within 2 weeks of the patient visit., The corresponding provider form will be completed by the provider/research staff within 5 days of the visit. Measures: 1. Baseline Questionnaires - Demographics and reason for visit 2. Quality of Life. The SF-12 (Short Form 12) 3. Mood (Depression). The Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) 4. Stress. The Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) 5. Visual Analog Scales (VAS). Four self-report VASs will be used to measure aspects of pain, fatigue and restfulness of sleep. 6. Provider Form. Providers/ Research Staff will complete this form to indicate the type of provider seen, the CPT codes used to describe/bill for the service, the services provided, and the provider's assessment of current medical conditions/co-morbidities. Inclusion Criteria: * Subjects will be eligible for inclusion in this study only if all of the following criteria apply: 1. Age: At least 18 years of age. 2. Patient Status: Participants are eligible if seen individually by any type of clinician on the day of the visit. 3. English or Spanish Literacy: Ability to read and write English or Spanish as confirmed by the site personnel and ability to provide informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects will be excluded from this study if any of the following criteria apply: 1. Cognitive Impairment: A subject will not be eligible if he/she has a history of psychiatric disease, dementia, Alzheimer's disease, or other conditions which will limit the validity of providing informed consent to participate in the study. 2. Inability to read and write in English or Spanish. 3. Participating only in educational Center activities, not as a clinical patient.
Postoperative Analgesic Efficacy of Tetracaine Hydrochloride Gel Topical Anesthesia of Tetracaine Hydrochloride Jelly on Cervix After Hysteroscopic Uterine Stent Insertion This study was taken out to assess the postoperative analgesic efficacy of tetracaine hydrochloride gel in patients with intrauterine adhesion treating with intrauterine balloon.Participates were assigned into two groups by randomly-tetracaine hydrochloride gel group and control group. Tetracaine hydrochloride gel contains 1% tetracaine hydrochloride, and a fair dose of fungicide, lubricants, remove foam agent, as the long-term local anesthetics. Patients in getracaine hydrochloride gel group were covered with a gauze of tetracaine hydrochloride gel on the external cervical orifice after insert an utrauterine balloon in the uterine cavity. While patients in the control group were covered with a blank gauze after hysteroscopic adhesiolysis. Compare the postoperative analgesic scor and patients' analgesic satisfaction of the two groups and asess the analgesic efficacy of tetracaine hydrochloride gel. Inclusion Criteria: * no previous history of hysteroscopic adhesiolysis or surgery on the cervix * inserted intrauterine balloon in the uterine cavity after hysteroscopic adhesiolysis * no other diseases Exclusion Criteria: * Allergy to local anesthetics * Patients with chronic pain * Patients with abnormal blood coagulation function * Patients with mental illness that can not cooperate * Patients with previous hysteroscopic adhesiolysis or cervical surgery
Evaluation of the Scleroderma Patient-centered Intervention Network COVID-19 Home-isolation Activities Together Program A Partially Nested RCT to Evaluate the Effectiveness of the Scleroderma Patient-centered Intervention Network COVID-19 Home-isolation Activities Together (SPIN-CHAT) Program to Reduce Anxiety Among At-Risk Scleroderma Patients Contagious disease outbreaks, such as the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak, and associated restrictions to prevent spread can lead to negative psychological outcomes, including loneliness, depression, and anxiety, particularly in vulnerable populations at risk due to existing medical conditions. To date, no randomized controlled trials have tested interventions to reduce mental health consequences of contagious disease outbreaks. Systemic sclerosis (SSc; scleroderma) is a rare, chronic, autoimmune disease characterized by vasculopathy and excessive collagen production. Systemic Sclerosis can affect multiple organ systems, including the skin, lungs, gastrointestinal tract, and heart. Many people with scleroderma are at risk of serious complications from COVID-19 if infected due to lung involvement (\> 40% have interstitial lung disease) and common use of immunosuppressant drugs. The objective of The Scleroderma Patient-centered Intervention Network COVID-19 Home-isolation Activities Together (SPIN-CHAT) Trial is to evaluate a videoconference-based intervention designed to improve symptoms of anxiety and other mental health outcomes among individuals with systemic sclerosis at risk of poor mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic. The trial is a pragmatic randomized controlled trial that will be conducted using an existing cohort of systemic sclerosis patients. We will use a partially nested design to reflect dependence between individuals in training groups but not in the waitlist control. The SPIN-CHAT Program includes activity engagement, education on strategies to support mental health, and mutual participant support. Background: Social distancing and movement restrictions during contagious disease outbreaks are necessary to reduce spread but can lead to negative social and psychological outcomes, including loneliness, depression, and anxiety, particularly in vulnerable populations. An online survey that used snowball sampling techniques and collected data from 1210 respondents from 194 cities in China in January-February 2020 found that over 50% rated the psychological impact of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak as moderate or severe. Symptoms of anxiety were rated as the most common psychological problem. Self-reported poor physical health status and the presence of a chronic illness were associated with symptoms of depression and anxiety. Systemic sclerosis (SSc; scleroderma) is a rare, chronic, autoimmune disease characterized by vasculopathy and excessive collagen production. Onset typically occurs between the ages of 30 and 50 years, and approximately 80% of people with SSc are women. SSc can affect multiple organ systems, including the skin, lungs, gastrointestinal tract, and heart. Disease presentation is extremely heterogeneous, and the course of the disease is highly unpredictable. People with SSc commonly experience hand function and mobility limitations, pain, fatigue, sleep problems, pruritus, symptoms of depression, and body image distress from disfiguring aspects (e.g., skin tightening, pigment changes, hand contractures, telangiectasias). Many people with SSc are at risk of serious complications from COVID-19 if infected due to lung involvement (\> 40% have interstitial lung disease) and common use of immunosuppressant drugs. The Scleroderma Patient-centered Intervention Network (SPIN) COVID-19 Home-isolation Activities Together (SPIN-CHAT) Program is a group videoconference-based intervention designed to improve symptoms of anxiety and other mental health outcomes among individuals with SSc at risk of poor mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic. The primary objective of the SPIN-CHAT Trial is to evaluate the effect of the program compared to waitlist control on patient reported symptoms of anxiety as measured by the Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) Anxiety 4a v1.0 scores. Recruitment and Enrolment: SPIN is a collaboration of SSc researchers, health care providers, people living with SSc, and patient organizations from Canada, the United States, Europe, Mexico and Australia that has assembled a large multinational patient cohort to collect longitudinal data on patient-reported outcomes in SSc and as a framework for embedding RCTs of e-health interventions. SPIN Cohort participants complete online assessments upon enrolment and at 3-month intervals. To date, over 2000 SSc patients from 47 centres have been enrolled in SPIN's web-based cohort (currently approximately 1800 active participants). SPIN Cohort participants will be invited by email and by popups to enrol in the SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort, a sub-cohort of the SPIN Cohort. Additionally, recruitment announcements for the SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort will be posted on SPIN's social media and distributed through our patient organization partners. All SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort participants will be invited to complete measures at baseline and every two weeks for the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. They will receive email reminders to complete bi-weekly follow-up assessments. Participants in the SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort eligible for the SPIN-CHAT Trial will be provided with a brief description of the trial in the SPIN-COVID-19 Qualtrics platform and will be asked if they would be interested in participating in the trial. Those who express interest will be provided with an online version of the trial consent form, which they can also download, and will be given the options of (1) consenting to participate; (2) declining participation; or (3) requesting that a member of SPIN's research team call them to answer questions they have about participating in the trial before consenting. Methods: The SPIN-CHAT Trial is a pragmatic, two-arm partially nested RCT (PN-RCT) that will be conducted using the SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort. Pragmatic RCTs are conducted to replicate real-world delivery of interventions as much as possible and support decisions on whether interventions should be provided in practice. The trial will be a PN-RCT because participants randomised to the intervention arm will be clustered into intervention groups, and members of each intervention group will interact during videoconference sessions; participants randomly assigned to the waitlist control will not be clustered and will only complete trial measures. Random Selection and Allocation: SPIN-COVID-19 Cohort participants who provide consent for participation will be entered into different pools based on their availabilities and taking into consideration time zone differences. Once there are enough participants to complete an intervention group and assign an equal number of participants to waitlist control, SPIN personnel will provide the external service with an anonymised list of participants (only identification numbers will be provided) who could participate in an intervention group based on language and day and time availabilities. For each intervention group and waitlist control pairing, the service will randomly select 16 participants from the pool of enroled participants available based on language, day, and time and will randomly allocate 8 to the intervention group and 8 to the waitlist group using block randomization.This process will be repeated until trial enrolment is complete. One intervention and waitlist control pairing will include 18 participants (9 intervention, 9 waitlist) to accommodate the total number that we anticipate randomizing. Intervention and Comparator: Mental health outcomes, including anxiety, among people in quarantine are associated with modifiable factors such as degree of isolation, boredom, and ability to manage worry and anxiety. In addition to psychological strategies, including worry reduction and meditative exercises, exercise has been shown to reduce anxiety. Among older adults, where isolation is a common challenge, activity and social engagement are commonly used to address loneliness and feelings of isolation. Recommendations for the World Health Organization and major national public health organizations for managing mental health during COVID-19 emphasize setting and following a routine, managing information sources and quantity, staying connected with others, and finding a way to be physically active. The SPIN-CHAT Program is a brief group videoconference intervention that was developed based on best-practice principles for managing anxiety and worry, recommendations for maintaining mental health during COVID-19, and input from the SPIN COVID-19 Patient Advisory Team. Educational segments in each session will be delivered by a research team member with experience and training related to the topic. Leisure activities that will be done at the start of each session will include games (e.g., Pictionary, charades), creative activities (e.g., roll-a-story), cultural activities (e.g., virtual museum tours), social activities (e.g., share your favourite recipe). In the healthy information management and social connection segment, strategies will be provided and discussion will be facilitated on how to stay informed via accurate information sources while avoiding sensationalist and other non-helpful information. Information on using simple (e.g., phone) or more advanced technology (e.g., group videoconferencing) to stay connected will be discussed, along with strategies for connecting regularly with others. The managing worry segments will include an overview of worry, including what it is, the difference between helpful and harmful anxiety or worry, how to identify triggers of worry, and strategies to manage worry, including identifying different types of worrying, using worry journals, worry postponement, and worry time. Exercises will be done with the group to illustrate techniques. In the relaxation segments, an introduction to the purpose of relaxation techniques will be presented, and participants will be guided through brief breathing, mindfulness, and visualization exercises. The physical activity segments will include an overview of the physical and psychosocial benefits of physical activity for maintenance of health for chronic disease management, including mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic; movement guidelines to ensure safety; and how to monitor daily physical activity. Participants will be guided through movement options for the home-based setting, including warm-ups, aerobic, and strength activities. Behaviour change techniques to foster building the habit of moving more at home will be taught, including goal-setting, scheduling, addressing barriers, and building social support. Activity engagement sessions will be guided by the leisure education content model. Sessions will involve interactive group discussion about the benefits of leisure engagement for persons with SSc, addressing physical, social, emotional, intellectual and spiritual realms of health and wellbeing. Sessions will explore barriers to leisure for persons with SSc and includes tips for finding leisure resources within the participants' own homes, both in-person and online. Sample Size: Effects of short anxiety-focused interventions in post-disaster settings are between 0.40 and 0.80 standardized mean difference (SMD). This is larger than estimated minimally important difference for the PROMIS Anxiety 4a v1.0 score (SMD = 0.23 to 0.34 SMD). For an assumed effect size of SMD = 0.50, a two-tailed test with alpha = 0.05, and an intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC) of 0.05, N=146 provides 80% power or greater for our primary outcome, PROMIS Anxiety 4a v1.0; assuming 10% dropout, we will recruit 162 participants (81 in 10 SPIN-CHAT groups; 81 waitlist). We believe that this is a conservative power and sample size estimate. First, in cluster RCTs, ICC values for individual patient outcomes are typically lower than our 0.05 estimate. If the true ICC is lower than our 0.05 estimate, this will result in greater power than estimated. Second, there has been no loss to follow-up in the feasibility trial or initial waves of our full-scale trial of the videoconference-based SPIN support group leader program, which has a similar design. Thus, we believe that a 10% loss to follow-up may be conservative. Data Analysis: Analyses will be conducted by a statistician blind to trial arm allocation. For the primary outcome analysis, we will use an intent-to-treat analysis that compares all patients randomly assigned to the SPIN-CHAT Program to all patients assigned to the waitlist control. The intervention effect at 4 weeks will be estimated using a linear mixed model, adjusted for baseline PROMIS Anxiety 4a v1.0 scores. The model will include a random effect to account for clustering of participants in the training groups, but not for participants in the waitlist control arm, because there is no clustering in the control arm. We will investigate the effects of missing data using multiple imputation. As a secondary analysis, we will additionally adjust for age, sex, baseline loneliness, baseline boredom, and baseline physical activity. Analyses of secondary outcomes will similarly be done (1) controlling for baseline scores only and (2) controlling for baseline scores, age, sex, and other key baseline measures. Statistical significance for all analyses will be determined based on two-sided α = 0.05. In addition, we will use complier-average causal effect analysis to estimate effects among patients who use the intervention compared to similar patients in the waitlist arm of the trial. Inclusion Criteria: * Classified as having SSc by a physician * PROMIS Anxiety 4a v1.0 T-score greater than or equal to 55 * Have regular, reliable internet access * Be fluent in English or French Exclusion Criteria: * Receiving counseling or therapy currently * Having a positive test for the COVID-19 virus
Efficacy and Safety Study of TAK-559 in Treating Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus A Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Study of the Safety and Efficacy of TAK-559 Compared to Placebo in the Treatment of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus The purpose of this study was to determine the safety and efficacy of TAK-559, once daily (QD), in treating subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Insulin is a primary regulator of blood glucose concentrations. A subnormal response to circulating insulin levels at target tissues leads to a decrease in insulin-mediated glucose uptake. Insulin resistance is associated with normal to high insulin levels and is often accompanied by dyslipidemia, a disruption in lipid metabolism resulting in increased triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein levels as well as decreased high-density lipoprotein levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In the early stages of insulin resistance, a compensatory mechanism of increased insulin secretion by the pancreas maintains normal to near-normal glucose levels. Once the pancreas fails to maintain the increased insulin output, overt type 2 diabetes mellitus occurs. TAK-559 is a novel oxyiminoalkanoic acid under investigation for use as an oral agent in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. TAK-559 has partial peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha agonist activity, potent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha activity, and modest peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma activity at high concentrations in nonclinical models. This study was designed to evaluate the safety and glycemic control of TAK-559 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus whose symptoms were managed by diet and exercise. Inclusion Criteria: * Was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus using American Diabetes Association diagnostic criteria, and on a stable dose of an oral anti-diabetic monotherapy prior to Screening A. * Had a glycosylated hemoglobin level greater than or equal to 8.0% and less than or equal to 10.0% at Screening B. * Had a fasting plasma glucose greater than or equal to 126 mg/dL (7.0 mmol/L) at Screening B. * Was taking a stable dose of at least 10 mg of glyburide for at least 10 days prior to Screening B. * Had a stable or worsening self-monitoring blood glucose level while taking glyburide. * Had a low-density lipoprotein less than 160 mg/dL (4.1 mmol/L) at Screening A. * Had a body mass index less than or equal to 45 kg/m2 at Screening A. * Was willing to be counseled by the investigator or designee to follow an individualized, weight-maintaining diet during the study period. * Had evidence of insulin secretory capacity as demonstrated by a C-peptide concentration of greater than or equal to 1.5 ng/mL (0.50 nmol/L) at Screening A, and if necessary, after a repeat at Screening B. * Was able to perform daily self-monitoring blood glucose tests throughout the study. * Had a normal thyroid-stimulating hormone level of less than 5.5 uIU/mL (5.5 mIU/L) and greater than or equal to 0.35 uIU/mL (0.35 mIU/L) at Screening A. * Was in good health as determined by a physician (ie, via medical history and physical examination), other than a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus. * Had fasting clinical laboratory evaluations within the normal reference range for the testing laboratory, or if not, the results must be deemed not clinically significant by the investigator prior to Randomization. * Females were post menopausal, surgically sterile, or using adequate contraception. Exclusion Criteria: * Had been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus, hemochromatosis, or has a history of ketoacidosis. * Had any condition known to invalidate glycosylated hemoglobin results (eg, hemolytic states, hemoglobinopathies). * Was required to take or intends to continue taking any disallowed medication, any prescription medication, herbal treatment or over-the counter medication that may interfere with evaluation of the study medication, including: * Insulin * Oral anti-diabetics other than TAK-559 (including sulfonylureas other than glyburide, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, metformin) * Systemic corticosteroids * Warfarin * Rifampin * St. John's Wort. * Thiazolidinediones * Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor agonists * Nicotinic Acid * Fibrates * Had a history of myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty or bypass graft, unstable angina pectoris, transient ischemic attacks, clinically significant abnormal electrocardiogram, or documented cerebrovascular accident within 6 months prior to Screening A. * Had abdominal, thoracic, or vascular surgery within 6 months prior to Screening A that in the investigator's opinion would warrant exclusion from the study. * Had a creatine phosphokinase value greater than 3 times the upper limit of normal at Screening A. The creatine phosphokinase value can be retested prior to Randomization if elevated. * Had persistent unexplained microscopic or macroscopic hematuria or a history of bladder cancer. * Had a triglyceride level greater than 500 mg/dL (5.6 mmol/L) at Screening A. * Had any alteration in allowed lipid lowering medication (dose or drug) within 2 months of Randomization, if applicable. * Had donated and/or received any blood or blood products within 3 months prior to Randomization. * Had a history of drug abuse (defined as illicit drug use) or a history of alcohol abuse (defined as regular or daily consumption of more than 4 alcoholic drinks per day) within 2 years prior to Randomization. * Had a systolic BP greater than 140 mm Hg or a diastolic blood pressure of greater than 95 mm Hg at Screening B. * Had significant cardiovascular disease including but not limited to, New York Heart Association Functional (Cardiac) Classification III or IV. * Had a previous history of cancer, other than basal cell or stage 1 squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, that has not been in remission within 5 years prior to Randomization. * Had an alanine transaminase or aspartate transaminase level greater than 3 times the upper limit of normal, active liver disease, or jaundice at Screening A. * Had a positive human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis B surface antigen, or hepatitis B e antigen test at Screening A. * Had any other serious disease or condition at Screening A or at Randomization that might affect life expectancy or make it difficult to successfully manage and follow the patient according to the protocol.
Ugandan Non-Communicable Diseases and Aging Cohort Epidemiology of Atherosclerosis Among Older-Age People in Southwestern Uganda Longitudinal cohort study of older-aged people living with HIV infection in southwestern Uganda and age and gender-matched HIV uninfected controls with the primary aim of measuring the epidemiology of cardiovascular and pulmonary disease in this study setting, and particularly the contribution of HIV infection to it. This study recruits people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWH) aged 40 and older; and an HIV-uninfected age and gender-matched, community-based comparison group in the HIV clinic catchment area. Study investigators will collect sociodemographic, clinical, immune activation, systemic inflammation, plasma and stool microbiome, and clinical pulmonary and cardiovascular disease measures. Our outcomes of interest are measures of carotid atherosclerosis, including carotid intima media thickness and presence of plaque, prior ischemic heart disease (as measured by electrocardiograms), peripheral arterial disease (as measured by ankle-branchial index), and lung function as measured by pulmonary function testing. Our exposures of interest are traditional cardiovascular disease risk factors (e.g. age, gender, family history of cardiovascular disease, smoking history, diet, activity, body mass index, prevalence of diabetes, and prevalence of hypertension) and HIV-related cardiovascular risk factors (e.g. nadir CD4 count, ART duration and regimen, gut and plasma microbiome composition, and markers of both immune activation and systemic inflammation). Investigators will collect this data to accomplish the following aims: Aim 1: Compare the prevalence of atherosclerosis, measured by cIMT, ankle-brachial index, and presence of q-waves on electrocardiogram, in PLWH taking ART aged 40 and older and age and gender-matched, population-based HIV-uninfected controls. This study aims to be among the first to capture high-quality measures of atherosclerotic disease among a population of PLWH in sub-Saharan Africa. The study aims to test the hypothesis that older-age Ugandans on ART will have thicker carotid intima media, higher prevalence of peripheral arterial disease, and higher prevalence of pathologic q-waves on electrocardiogram than age and gender-matched, HIV-uninfected controls. Aim 2: Evaluate correlates of atherosclerosis in older-age PLWH on ART, including both traditional (age, gender, smoking, diabetes and hypertension prevalence) and HIV-related risk factors (immune activation, systemic inflammation, and stool and plasma microbiome composition). The study will leverage a collaboration with the Ragon Institute to perform immunologic and molecular testing for microbial translocation and markers of immune activation and systemic inflammation (e.g. soluble CD163, C-reactive protein, IL-6, CD8+ T-lymphocyte activation). Aim 3: Compare the progression of atherosclerosis in PLWH versus HIV-uninfected individuals over five years of observation time. The study aims to test the hypothesis that the rate of change in carotid intima media thickness will be faster in among PLWH over 45 on ART than age and gender-matched HIV-uninfected controls, and that rates of change in carotid intima media thickness among the HIV-infected cohort will be associated with markers of microbial translocation, immune activation, and systemic inflammation. Aim 4: Compare the prevalence and incidence of abnormal pulmonary function (FEV1, FVC, FEV1/FVC) in PLWH on ART and age- and gender-matched, population-based HIV-uninfected controls, utilizing handheld spirometry with bronchodilator challenge. The study aims to test the hypothesis that pulmonary function is worse and COPD is more common among people living with HIV/AIDS than age- and gender-match HIV-uninfected controls. Group 1 Inclusion Criteria: * HIV infected * Age \> 40 years old at enrollment * Minimum 2 years of antiretroviral therapy Group 1 Exclusion Criteria: * Decline informed consent Group 2 Inclusion Criteria: * Living in catchment area of Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital (greater Mbarara) * Age \> 40 years old * Age and gender matched to a participant in group 1 Group 2 Exclusion Criteria: * HIV infection (tested annually as part of study procedures) * Decline informed consent
Postoperative Delirium in Hip Arthroplasty Patients Postoperative Delirium in Patients Undergoing Hip Arthroplasty Identification of specific circulating microRNAs and microemboli formation (diagnosed by TC Doppler) in both delirious groups and nondelirious group will be our primary target. Delirium assessment through standardized questionnaires will be done at baseline (day of the surgery - pre operatory), immediately after surgery (in post anesthesia care unit) and then every 12 hours in Day 1 and Day2 after surgery. The investigators will use linear mixed models to describe the change patterns overtime, and compare differences at each time point. Inflammatory biomarkers will be explored overtime as well. The investigators will also explore age effect on cognitive function - cognitive reserve - based on the score of the cognitive test administered at baseline. Specific circulating microRNA's have been identified in patients with neurological diseases or deficits, and specifically those with neurodegenerative conditions. Furthermore, available evidence primarily in pre-clinical / animal models supports the hypothesis that post-surgical/anesthesia - induced neuroinflammation leads to post-operative cognitive decline or dysfunction. The investigators hypothesize that specific circulating microRNA's involved in the pro-inflammatory response to surgery/anesthesia are a suitable biomarker of Delirium and/or POCD in surgical hip-arthroplasty patients. However, it is also possible that microamboli during the surgical procedure could contribute to these neurologic outcomes. Therefore, in addition to analyzing microRNA levels (our primary target), the investigators propose to monitor cerebral vascular flow during the surgery to possibly identify microambolic events using Transcranial Doppler. Overall, our overarching goal is to identify novel early clinical indicators of cognitive dysfunction (e.g. Delirium and POCD). The study will include preoperative-postoperative trajectory as well as the value of using subjects as self-controls with appropriate longitudinal analyses of cognition. There are many factors that are potential confounders in relation to cognitive decline and incident dementia. There are key characteristics and events: * illnesses requiring hospitalization, that could potentially accelerate cognitive decline or worsen clinical dementia rating * which anesthetic agents are administered for the surgical procedure * intra-operative adverse events (anesthesia/surgery related, cerebral hypoxia, hypotension/hypertension, blood loss) * patient factors (age, education, comorbidity) * physiologic factors (inflammation,micro-embolization, blood-brain barrier function); * perioperative factors (medications, sleep, complications) * postoperative factors (rehabilitation, depression, social support) Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female, between 30 and 80 years of age * ASA I , II or III * Capable and willing to consent * Participants literate in English language Exclusion Criteria: * ASA IV or V * Patients with severe visual or auditory disorder * Illiteracy * Presence of a clinically diagnosed major psychiatric condition such as bipolar disorder, uncontrolled major depression, schizophrenia * Dementia of Alzheimer's type * Parkinson disease * Multiple Sclerosis (MS) * Vascular dementia
Impact of the Blood Culture Technique on the Diagnosis of Infective Endocarditis Impact of the Blood Culture Technique on the Diagnosis of Infectious Diseases: Case of Infective Endocarditis. To evaluate the performance of a single high volume blood culture sampling strategy versus the actually used multiple sampling strategy for the diagnosis and categorization of infective endocarditis according to the Duke-Li classification in a Population of adults suspected of infective endocarditis. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients older than 18 years * Suspected endocarditis: Patients with Duke-Li-ESC 2015 classification as a major morphological criterion or at least two minor criteria, other than a microbiological criterion, will be considered suspicious of infectious endocarditis. * Not objecting to their inclusion in the study after delivery and explanation of the information form. * Absence of microbiological documentation sought or available at the time of inclusion (a patient having already had negative blood cultures or being identified during the screening can be included). Exclusion Criteria: * Antibiotherapy adapted to a situation of endocarditis, introduced more than 24 hours or stopped for less than 7 days in case of therapeutic window. * Any previous antibiotic therapy in the 7 days preceding the inclusion leading to an improvement in the clinical symptomatology. * State of consciousness not allowing loyal information.
Comparison of Sequential Fluoroscopy Guidance With Spiral Guidance in Terms of Safety, Effectiveness, Speed and Radiation in Interventional Chest-abdomen-pelvic Procedures Comparison of the Study Was to Compare Sequential Fluoroscopy Guidance With Spiral Guidance in Terms of Safety (Number of Major Complications), Effectiveness (Number of Targets Reached), Speed (Procedural Time) and Radiation (DLP) in Interventional Chest-abdomen-pelvic Procedures. The purpose of the study was to compare sequential fluoroscopy guidance with spiral guidance in terms of safety (number of major complications), effectiveness (number of targets reached), speed (procedural time) and radiation (DLP) in interventional chest-abdomen-pelvic procedures. Inclusion Criteria: * adult patients (\> 18 years), * indication of interventional percutaneous diagnostic or therapeutic chest-abdomen-pelvic procedure under CT control Exclusion Criteria: * MRI contra indication * persons referred to in Articles L1121-5 to L1121-8 of the French Public Health Code
A Phase I Dose Escalation Study of the Safety and Pharmacokinetics of LAM-002A In Patients With Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma A Phase 1 Dose Escalation Study of the Safety and Pharmacokinetics of LAM-002A (Apilimod Dimesylate Capsules) Administered Orally in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma This is a Phase 1 dose-exploration study of LAM-002A administered by mouth in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell NHL. Safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics (PK), pharmacodynamics (PD),and preliminary anti-tumor activity will be evaluated. LAM-002A is supplied as 25-mg or 50-mg capsules and will be administered two times daily or three times daily by mouth in repeated 28-day cycles. Patients will be advised to take the doses at the same time each day. A 3 + 3 design will be utilized to define a maximum tolerated dose (MTD). The MTD is defined as the highest dose at which no more than 1 of 6 patients (i.e., \< 33%) experiences a dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) in the dose cohort. Once the dose and schedule are established, additional patients will be treated to better characterize the safety, tolerability,PK, PD, and anti-tumor activity of LAM-002A when administered alone or in combination with rituximab or atezolizumab. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Able to understand and comply with the protocol requirements and has signed the informed consent document. 2. Confirmed diagnosis of B-cell Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma limited to follicular lymphoma (FL), diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), mantle cell lymphoma (MCL), marginal zone lymphoma (MZL), primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma (PMBL), or chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL) that has progressed and for which standard curative measures do not exist or are no longer effective. Prior therapy must have included a rituximab-based regimen. 3. Patients with DLBCL: Cancer progression after transplant, or be unwilling, unable or not an appropriate candidate for an autologous stem cell or bone marrow transplant 4. Radiographically measurable lymphadenopathy or extranodal lymphoid malignancy (defined as the presence of 1 or more lesions that measure at least 2.0 cm in the longest dimension (as assessed radiographically) 5. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Status of 2 or less. 6. Adequate organ and marrow function. 7. Able to swallow oral capsules without difficulty. 8. Acceptable birth control. 9. Women of childbearing potential : negative pregnancy test 10. Adequate archival or fresh tumor tissue (from biopsy, bone marrow, or peripheral blood) for analysis of potential predictive biomarkers. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients with central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma are not eligible for the trial unless the disease had been treated and the subject remains without symptoms with no active CNS lymphoma. 2. Not recovered from toxicity due to all prior therapies. 3. Other uncontrolled significant illness. 4. History of malabsorption or other gastrointestinal (GI) disease that may significantly alter the absorption of LAM-002A 5. Major surgery within 28 days prior to first dose of study drug. 6. Past history of tuberculosis (TB) or active infection with TB, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B or hepatitis C. 7. Lactation or breast feeding. 8. Unable or unwilling to abide by the study protocol or cooperate fully with the Investigator or designee. This is a shortened list and additional criteria may apply.
Assessing the Capability of Cardiogoniometry (CGM) to Detect Changes in Cardiac Resynchronisation Therapy Device Settings Assessing the Capability of Cardiogoniometry (CGM) to Detect Changes in Cardiac Resynchronisation Therapy Device Settings Some patients with heart failure require treatment called cardiac-resynchronisation therapy (CRT) which involves putting a pacemaker into the heart to make both ventricles (the lower chambers of the heart) contract together, making the pumping of the blood to the rest of the body more efficient. it is important to get the CRT pacemaker checked to make sure that it is working correctly and performing its job. However, it can be difficult to adjust the settings of the pacemaker just the right amount to ensure the heart is pumping efficiently. One of the ways this can be done is by using a special machine which uses ultrasound to make a 2-dimensional image of the heart called an echocardiogram. This technique can also be used to measure the flow of blood in the heart and calculate how efficient it is at pumping blood. However adjusting the settings of the pacemaker with this device is difficult to use and time consuming. Electrocardiogram (ECG) a 2-dimensional electrical tracing of the hearts activity is another tool used to help adjust the settings of pacemakers, to make the heart pump more efficiently. Furthermore, recent research has shown that this is better than echocardiogram at optimising pacemaker device settings. A new type of ECG called cardiogoniometry (CGM) has recently been developed which creates a 3-dimensional view of the hearts electrical activity and has already been shown to be better than normal ECG at diagnosing certain conditions like angina and heart attacks. However it has never been used to try optimise the settings of the pacemakers used in CRT and may be quicker and easier to use than then other methods available. More importantly it is hoped by doing this it will reduce the symptoms that patients suffer as it is making the heart pump more efficiently. As it has been untested and never used in this setting before, and there it is necessary to find out if the CGM machine will recognise when the settings on the pacemaker are changed. The aims of this study is to see if the CGM machine can pick up changes to pacemaker settings, with the hope of running a later study to see if it can be used to optimise settings on the pacemaker used in CRT. Cardiac resynchronisation therapy (CRT) improves symptoms and quality of life and improves the prognosis of patients with chronic heart failure. CRT works by improving co-ordination of cardiac contraction, and is indicated in people with heart failure and left bundle branch block (LBBB) on an ECG. The importance of LBBB is that it indicates that the electricity is spreading only very slowly over the surface of the heart with each heart beat, thereby making contraction very "dyssynchronous"; that is, instead of all the heart muscle contracting simultaneously, parts contract and are relaxing before other parts even start to contract. With a standard pacemaker, a pacing lead is implanted in the right ventricle. In those patients with a normal heart rhythm ("sinus rhythm"), a second lead is usually placed in the right atrium close to the heart's natural pacemaker. The lead in the ventricle can then track the heart's natural heart rate as detected by the lead in the atrium, or, if the natural rate is too slow, the pacemaker can sequentially pace the atrium and then the ventricle. A CRT system is similar, but with the addition of an extra lead positioned to pace the left ventricle. Now, the pacemaker is able to stimulate both left and right ventricles simultaneously, restoring the normal co-ordination of ventricular contraction. Approximately 25% of patients do not achieve significant clinical benefit with CRT. Such patients are termed "non-responders", and lack of response is typically measured as a failure to improve exercise capacity with CRT, or a failure of the heart to improve on echocardiography. One option to reduce the number of non-responders may be to optimise the CRT device by adjusting its settings based on clinical variables (such as ECG and echocardiogram findings). Both ECG and echocardiogram optimisation give similar results in terms of clinical response to CRT, but patients who had their CRT optimised using ECG variables had a significantly greater impact on echocardiographic response, that is a greater proportion of that group had a LV end-systolic volume reduction \>10%) 3. Another possibility for optimising CRT is cardiogoniometry (CGM), which is what the study aims to investigate. CGM is form of 3D vector electrocardiography which can provide quantitative analysis of myocardial depolarisation and repolarisation. Like standard 12 lead electrocardiogram (ECG), CGM uses different electrodes to identify electrical potential gradients produced by cardiac electrical activity. The ECG can only visually represent this information in a two dimensional way, whereas CGM can create a three dimensional display. Electrode placement is important: and complex mathematical modelling is used to generate the displays. CGM gives the same output as a standard ECG. One additional output is vector loop graphs. These are sequentially plotted values of electrical activity of the heart in the x, y and z axis, in three orthogonal planes. When the vector loops follow the same pathway it means that the electrical activity of the heart is following the same pathway with each ventricular depolarisation and repolarisation. By contrast, when there is abnormal electrical conduction, the vector loop pathways can vary. CGM is useful for identifying stable coronary artery disease and recognising the acute coronary syndromes, but its clinical value outside patients with acute ischaemic heart disease is unclear. This feasibility study aims to see if CGM can detect the different settings of a CRT device, by assessing the CGM vector loops with different device settings. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients attending follow up clinic with a CRT device implanted. * Patients have to be receiving CRT therapy - in other words, the device has to be functioning correctly. * Aged 18 or over. * The patient has been informed of the nature of the study and has provided full written informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients unable to give informed consent including those with communication difficulties due to poor English.
Inotuzumab Ozogamicin and Chemotherapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Refractory B-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia A Phase I Study of Dose-Adjusted Etoposide, Prednisone, Vincristine, Cyclophosphamide, and Doxorubicin Plus Escalating Doses of Inotuzumab Ozogamicin (DA-EPOCH-InO) in Relapsed or Refractory B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia This phase I trial studies the best dose of inotuzumab ozogamicin in combination with chemotherapy in treating patients with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia that has come back (recurrent) or that does not respond to treatment (refractory). Inotuzumab ozogamicin is a monoclonal antibody, called inotuzumab, linked to a toxic agent called ozogamicin. Inotuzumab attaches to CD22 positive cancer cells in a targeted way and delivers ozogamicin to kill them. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as etoposide, prednisone, vincristine, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin, work in different ways to stop the growth of cancer cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Giving inotuzumab ozogamicin in combination with chemotherapy may kill more cancer cells than with chemotherapy alone in treating patients with recurrent or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. This is a dose-escalation study of inotuzumab ozogamicin. Patients receive etoposide, doxorubicin, and vincristine intravenously (IV) via continuous infusion on days 1-4, prednisone orally (PO) or IV twice daily (BID) on days 1-5, and cyclophosphamide IV over 1 hour on day 5. Patients also receive inotuzumab ozogamicin IV over 1 hour on days 8 and 15. Treatment repeats every 28 days for up to 4 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days then annually for up to 5 years. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients must have a confirmed diagnosis of CD22-positive, Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)-positive or Ph-negative B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia or lymphoblastic lymphoma. CD22 expression will be determined by multiparameter flow cytometry (MFC) or immunohistochemistry. * Relapsed or refractory disease, as defined by any of the following: * Unable to achieve complete response (CR) despite \>= 4 weeks of initial course of systemic therapy. * Recurrence of disease at any point after CR was achieved. * (Note: patients with Ph-positive disease must have received \>= 1 second- or third-generation ABL kinase inhibitor as part of their prior treatment to be eligible.) * Detectable disease, as defined by any of the following: * Presence of \>= 5% abnormal blasts in the bone marrow or peripheral blood by morphology or MFC. * Patients with isolated extramedullary disease will be permitted if there is \>= 1 site of disease that measures \>= 1.5 cm in longest diameter on cross-sectional imaging. * Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) \>= 1,000/uL. * Hemoglobin \>= 8 g/dL. * Platelets \>= 50,000/uL. * Note: Transfusions and growth factor support will be permitted within 3 days of initiation of study treatment to reach these thresholds. As patients with relapsed/refractory ALL frequently have cytopenias due to marrow infiltration by the disease, no hematologic parameters will be required for enrollment if cytopenias can be attributed to disease. * Total serum bilirubin =\< 1.5 x upper limit of normal (ULN); (unless due to Gilbert syndrome or hemolysis; =\< 2 x ULN for hepatic abnormalities considered disease-related). * Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) =\< 2.5 x ULN. * Serum creatinine =\< 1.5 x ULN or serum creatinine level associated with a measured or calculated creatinine clearance of \>= 40 mL/min. * Corrected QT (QTc) interval =\< 500 msec; if assessed, left ventricular ejection fraction \>= 40%. * An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 to 2. * Must agree to the use of effective contraception while on study treatment, unless they are highly unlikely to conceive (defined as \[1\] surgically sterilized, or \[2\] women who are and men whose sexual partner\[s\] is/are postmenopausal \[i.e., a woman who is \> 50 years old or who has not had menses for \>= 1 year\], or \[3\] not heterosexually active for the duration of the study). Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with a circulating blast count of \> 50,000/uL; systemic therapy with either hydroxyurea, vincristine, and/or corticosteroids will be permitted within 3 days of initiation of study treatment to reduce the blast count. * Except for management of circulating blasts noted above, adequate duration from prior therapy must be achieved before initiation of study treatment, as defined below: * No cytotoxic or targeted systemic therapy \< 2 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter). * No blinatumomab \< 2 weeks. * No radiation therapy \< 4 weeks. * No monoclonal antibody therapy \< 6 weeks (except for prior InO, as discussed below). * Patients previously treated with InO will be eligible, unless they meet ANY of the following criteria: * \> 6 individual doses (e.g., \> 2 standard cycles) were administered. * Any documented hepatic toxicity observed was grade 3 or higher. * The most recent dose was administered \< 3 months from the initiation of study treatment. * For patients that have received prior allogeneic HCT, they must be \>= 4 months from the date of stem cell infusion, with no prior history of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/veno-occlusive disease (SOS/VOD), and off all treatment for graft-vs-host disease (GVHD) for \>= 2 weeks. Patients with minimal active symptoms that can be controlled with topical therapies and/or the equivalent of prednisone =\< 10 mg/day will be eligible. * For patients that have received other forms of cellular immunotherapy (e.g., chimeric antigen receptor-modified \[CAR\] T cells), they must be \>= 21 days from cell infusion, and any specific manifestations of cytokine release syndrome or neurologic toxicity attributable to the cellular therapy have completely resolved (i.e., \< grade 1) * Patients with a known history of chronic liver disease, including but not limited to cirrhosis, steatohepatitis, and chronic viral hepatitis. Patients with a history of GVHD of the liver will be permitted, provided they meet all of the other eligibility criteria. * Patients with isolated testicular or central nervous system disease. * Known hypersensitivity or intolerance to any of the agents under investigation. * May not be pregnant or nursing.
Post Extubation Dysphagia The Effect on Time After Extubation on Aspiration Risk The investigators hypothesize that aspiration will be more prevalent at two to four hours post-extubation but will resolve in the majority of patients by 24 to 26 hours post-extubation. The purpose of the research is to investigate whether there is a difference in swallow function two to four hours after extubation (removal of breathing tube) compared to 24 hours after extubation. This information will help healthcare providers decide if it is necessary for people to wait 24 hours after extubation before they start eating and drinking. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients that were intubated for more than 48 hours. * Adults, 18 and over * All races * Males and females * Approval to participate in the study by the treating physician Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with a history of oropharyngeal dysphagia. * Patients with neurological disorders associated with dysphagia including dementia, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, stroke, and ALS. * Patients with a history of head and neck cancer or laryngeal surgery. * Patients that are not candidate for FEES because of facial fractures, nothing by mouth (NPO) status for other procedures, elevated bleeding risk (patients on therapeutically dosed anticoagulant infusion or injection, platelet count less than 50,000, INR greater than 2.0, partial thromboplastin time greater than 1.5 times normal), decreased level of arousal/alertness, significant agitation, or inability to tolerate room air or nasal cannula oxygen for duration of FEES. * Patients who are extubated after 1400 or on weekends (Friday, Saturday, or Sunday). * Non-English Speakers will be excluded
Contrast Enhanced Spectral Mammography With Digital Breast Tomosynthesis For Patients With Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Emerging Tools in the Detection of Breast Cancer: Comparison of Contrast Enhanced Spectral Mammography With Digital Breast Tomosynthesis to Conventional Imaging Techniques Including Contrast Enhanced Magnetic Resonance Imaging and 2D Mammography With or Without Targeted Ultrasound This pilot clinical trial studies how well contrast enhanced spectral mammography works with digital breast tomosynthesis in imaging patients with newly diagnosed breast cancer. Contrast enhanced spectral mammography uses a special dye that is injected into the veins before mammogram images are taken. Digital breast tomosynthesis uses multiple x-ray pictures to produce a 3-dimensional rendering of the entire breast. Contrast enhanced spectral mammography with digital breast tomosynthesis may highlight areas of concern within the breast in more detail than a standard mammogram and improve the accuracy of tumor size. PRIMARY OBJECTIVES: I. To compare the index lesion size (the largest diameter) from each of the four readings (standard of care 2 dimensional \[D\], magnetic resonance imaging \[MRI\], contrast enhanced spectral mammography \[CESM\], 3D) to gold standard index lesion size from surgical pathology (the largest diameter). II. To document the additional ipsilateral and contralateral breast cancer lesions detected by the MRI, CESM, and 3D readings listed above. OUTLINE: Patients undergo a clinical breast examination and a diagnostic mammogram with or without targeted breast ultrasound to the index cancer as part of their standard of care preoperative work-up. As part of the research study, patients receive contrast agent intravenously (IV) and then undergo a CESM with digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) over 30 minutes. Patients also receive a contrast agent, gadolinium, IV and undergo bilateral breast contrast enhanced (CE)-MRI over 10 minutes. After completion of study, patients are followed up within 24-96 hours. Inclusion Criteria: * Newly diagnosed breast cancer patients Exclusion Criteria: * Women with history of surgical, medical, or radiation therapy for breast cancer * Women with renal failure or insufficiency * Women with iodine contrast allergy * Women with gadolinium contrast allergy * Women who are pregnant, possibly pregnant, or lactating * Women undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy
Assess the Safety and Efficacy of the 4 Channel NMES, Pilot Study A Double-blind, Parallel Compensatory Medical Device Pivotal Clinical Study to Assess the Safety and Efficacy of the 4 Channel Neuromuscular Electrical Stimulation (NMES), Pilot Study This study is a pilot study to prepare clinical trials to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of 4-channel electric stimulation therapy devices as a newly developed function for the treatment of dysphagia disorders. The purpose of this study is to investigate the difference in effect by the electric stimulation method and to obtain the values such as mean, standard deviation and so on, and to determine the number of subjects to be studied for clinical trials of validation permission in the future. * Design: Prospective study * Inclusion criteria of patient group: who has a dysphagia symptom and confirmed by video-fluoroscopic swallowing study(N=9) * Intervention: Participants are divided into two group and applied electrical stimulation by a "Synchronized Electrical Stimulation Device(SESD)" in different protocol * Main outcome measures: high-resolution manometry(HRM) parameters, videofluoroscopic parameters, EQ-5D (EuroQoL-5D) questionnaire Inclusion Criteria: * patient who do not belong to the criteria excluded for subjects aged 19 years or older * Patient who is confirmed to be dysphagia by videofluoroscopy * Patients who need clinical application of electrical stimulation therapy equipment for dysphagia. ex) stroke, cervical spinal cord injury * Those voluntarily agreeing to the clinical trial Exclusion Criteria: * Patient who refuse inspection, do not agree * Simple "Commend obey", first step is impossible * When instructions can not be executed due to dementia, psychiatric disorders, etc. * Dysphagia occurs due to respiratory failure, neck surgery, etc., * Pregnant women and lactating women
Endotracheal Intubation Using a Bougie Through the Air-Q Intubating Laryngeal Airway Bougie-guided Tracheal Tube Placement Through the Air-Q® Intubating Laryngeal Airway: Clinical Evaluation The purpose of this study is to assess the success rate of bougie-guided endotracheal intubation compared to blind intubation through the Air-Q intubating laryngeal mask After ethical committee approval and written informed consent, 140 patients of either sex, \> 18 years old, ASA physical status I and II scheduled to receive general anesthesia with tracheal intubation for an elective surgical procedure will be enrolled in the study. They will be randomly allocated to one of two groups according to a computer generated list of 70 patients each. Blind endotracheal intubation will be performed through the air-Q with bougie assisted (Group B) or without assistance (Group Q). Patients ASA physical status \>III, mouth opening \<2 cm, increased risk of aspiration, those with poor lung compliance, with lesions of the oropharynx or epiglottis and known or anticipated difficult tracheal intubation or facemask ventilation will be excluded from the study. In the operating room, the following monitors will be attached to the patients: five leads ECG, noninvasive blood pressure, pulse oximetry, ETCO2, anesthetic gas analyzer and neuromuscular monitoring (Infinity Kappa, Dräger, Lübeck, Germany). After adequate oxygenation, general anesthesia will be induced with 2 mg kg-1 propofol, 1-2 µg kg-1 fentanyl and 0.6 mg kg-1 rocuronium. Mask-ventilation with a mixture of oxygen and sevoflurane for an end-tidal concentration of 2% will be followed. The air-Q/ILA will be inserted once ulnar nerve train-of-four stimulation produced no visually detectable response while the patient's head in a neutral position. All airway manipulations (device insertion and tracheal intubation) will be performed by a senior anesthesiology staff member. The size of the air-Q will be selected on the basis of the patient's weight, in accordance with the corresponding manufacturer's recommendations. If ventilation with the device is unsatisfactory, the "Klein maneuver" corrects downfolding of the epiglottis by using a jaw thrust and an up-down maneuver of the ILA. During tracheal intubation through the air-Q/ILA, the tracheal tube is advanced to a depth of 12 to 15 cm so that the tip of the tube is close to the air-Q/ILA opening. Intubation through these supraglottic devices will be facilitated using a water-based lubricant. Then removal of the ILA immediately after tracheal intubation can be assisted by a stylet produced by the manufacturer. Tracheal intubation will be successful if ventilation through the tracheal tube produced an adequate chest expansion and a capnographic curve is obtained. In group B, the operator gently inserts the bougie through the air-Q/ILA while looking at any bulges in the neck to judge the approximate positioning of the bougie. As soon as the bougie enters the trachea, a characteristic click is felt by the assistant and the operator feels the bougie entering in a hallow space. Another sign for intra tracheal bougie insertion when the bougie reaches the small bronchus between 30 and 40 cm marks (distal hold up sign). The air-Q/ILA is then removed and a tracheal tube is railroaded over the bougie. Conventional single-use polyvinyl chloride (PVC) tracheal tubes (Mallinckrodt Company, Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico) will be used for blind tracheal intubation in both groups: size 7.0 mm ID tracheal tubes for patients weighing ≥50 kg and 6.0 mm ID tubes for patients \<50 kg. In both study groups, 3 attempts at device insertion and intubation will be allowed. Intubation will be only attempted if appropriate ventilation is obtained. Lung ventilation through the supraglottic device is permitted between intubation attempts. If tracheal intubation through the device is unsuccessful, it is performed by direct laryngoscopy. The following parameters will be measured: * Mallampati score, mouth opening (cm), thyromental distance (cm), neck circumference (cm) * Air-Q™ /ILA insertion: insertion time (seconds), ease of insertion (easy, difficult), number of attempts, 1st attempt success rate and grade of ventilation (adequate, possible or impossible). * Tracheal intubation: number of attempts, intubation time (seconds), 1st attempt success rate and overall success rate, , * Air-Q insertion time: is the time from introducing the device in mouth till attachment to the circuit and capnographic trace is obtained. * Bougie insertion time: is the time from removal of the breathing circuit from air-Q to the feeling of hold up sign. * ETT insertion time: is the time from insertion of the tracheal tube in the device until confirmation by capnographic trace. * Total intubation time in group Q (air-Q™ /ILA insertion time plus intubation time) and the total intubation time in group B (air-Q™ /ILA insertion time plus bougie insertion time plus bougie guided intubation time) were calculated. * We also recorded the types of and number of adjusting maneuvers for each attempt, frequency of esophageal intubation, and any incidence of hypoxia (SpO2\<95%). * Incidence of airway complications at insertion of air-Q™ /ILA, gum elastic bougie and ETT as trauma to mouth, lips or tongue and visible or occult blood. * Incidence of Airway Morbidity at 18-24 h postoperatively in both groups as sore throat, dysphagia, dysphonia and its degree (mild/moderate/severe) * Hemodynamic data heart rate (HR) and mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) were also recorded at the following time intervals: T0, baseline before induction T1, before air-Q™ insertion T2, after air-Q™ insertion T3, before bougie insertion T4, after bougie insertion T5, before ETT insertion through the device T6, after ETT intubation T7, 1 min after intubation T8, 5 min after intubation T9, 10 min after intubation Statistical Analysis As no previous study researching bougie guided endotracheal intubation through air-Q™, we consider this research as a pilot study and 70 patients in each group is suitable. Results are expressed as mean ± standard deviation (SD) or number (%). Categorical data was compared using Chi square test. Variables in both groups were compared using either unpaired t test or Mann Whitney test whenever it was appropriate. Intra-group comparison (within group comparison) between mean values of variables measured at baseline and different times was performed using repeated measures ANOVA followed by Bonferroni test if significant results was recorded. Data analysis was performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 19 computer program. Significance was considered when P-value ≤ 0.05. Inclusion Criteria: * 19-60 years old, * ASA physical status I and II * Patients scheduled to receive general anesthesia with tracheal intubation for an elective surgical procedure. Exclusion Criteria: * Age \<19 \& \>60 * ASA physical status ≥ III, * Mouth opening \<2 cm, * Patients with increased risk of aspiration, * Those with poor lung compliance, * Patients with lesions of the oropharynx or epiglottis * Patients known or anticipated to have difficult tracheal intubation or facemask ventilation.
Towards an Algorithmic Approach to Asthma Management: Collaborative Definition of Algorithm Objectives With Families Towards an Algorithmic Approach to Asthma Management: Collaborative Definition of Algorithm Objectives With Families Using "big data" and artificial intelligence techniques, it becomes possible to envision algorithms for managing childhood asthma on a daily basis. In order to develop such tools, it is necessary to determine with asthma stakeholders (children, parents, doctors) the parameters that future algorithms should seek to maximize / minimize. The main objective of the study is to quantify the respective importance of each of the goals that children with asthma, parents, and their doctors seek to achieve when taking / supervising / prescribing a background therapy. Using "big data" and artificial intelligence techniques, it becomes possible to envision algorithms for managing childhood asthma on a daily basis. In order to develop such tools, it is necessary to determine with asthma stakeholders (children, parents, doctors) the parameters that future algorithms should seek to maximize / minimize. The main objective of the study is to quantify the respective importance of each of the goals that children with asthma, parents, and their doctors seek to achieve when taking / supervising / prescribing a background therapy. To do this, parents and children fill out a paper questionnaire, which is completed by their doctor, when they come to the hospital for consultation, hospitalization, or to perform lung function tests. Concerning children and parents, these questionnaires include a part aimed at prioritizing each person's objectives and a second part collecting general information regarding their characteristics (age, sex, asthma history, etc.). Inclusion Criteria: * Minor patients aged 8 years to 17 years and 11 months inclusive with a diagnosis of asthma made by a doctor and a basic treatment for asthma * Holders of parental authority for patients meeting the above criteria * Doctors caring for children with asthma * Information and non-opposition of holders of parental authority and minor patients to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * Refusal to participate in the study * Difficulties in French writing and / or speaking
To Evaluate Ezetimibe Plus Atorvastatin Versus Atorvastatin in Patients With High Cholesterol Not Controlled on Atorvastatin 40 mg (0653-090) A Multicenter, Rand., Double-Blind, Titration Study to Evaluate & Compare the Efficacy & Safety of Ezetimibe Plus Atorvastatin Vs Atorvastatin in Hypercholesterolemic Pts. at High Risk for CHD Not Adequately Controlled on Atorvastatin 40 Mg To Evaluate and Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Ezetimibe Plus Atorvastatin Versus Atorvastatin in Hypercholesterolemic Patients at High Risk for Coronary Heart Disease Not Adequately Controlled on Atorvastatin 40 mg. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient with LDL-C \>70 mg/dL \& on a stable dose of atorvastatin 40 mg Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnant or lactating women or intending to become pregnant * Patient with sensitivity or intolerance to ezetimibe or atorvastatin
Clinical Trial For Early SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Treatment Efficacy and Safety of the Use of Hydroxychloroquine, Favipiravir or Hydroxychloroquine + Favipiravir in Early SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Treatment This study is a randomized, double-blinded, and placebo controlled phase III clinical trial which aims to investigate the superiority of hydroxychloroquine, favipiravir or hydroxychloroquine + favipiravir treatment, initiated especially in the early period in the treatment of COVID-19, over the patients being followed up with placebo in adults aged 18\~59 Years. This study is a randomized, double-blinded, and placebo controlled phase III clinical trial in in adults aged 18\~59 Years. The study was planned as a multicenter, randomized controlled, double-blind, parallel-arm drug study. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of hydroxychloroquine, favipiravir, or hydroxychloroquine + favipiravir treatments that were initiated early in patients who were caught during filiation or who were decided to be outpatient due to mild disease findings during hospital admission, after the diagnosis of COVID-19 against patients with placebo. It is planned that the study will be conducted with two separate arms. Study arms are planned as 2:2:2:1 for 320:320:320:160 patients as follows. The dose of Favipiravir has been determined as the standard dose. Hydroxychloroquine will also be given without a loading dose. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Volunteers who have understood all the procedures to be applied within the scope of the study protocol and gave their consent. 2. Patients between 18-60 years old. 3. Patients whose symptoms and complaints associated with COVID-19 started within 48 hours. 4. Mild cases whose treatment to be given as outpatient. 1. Although asymptomatic, patients with high CRP (\> 20 mg/L) and/or lymphopenia (\<1000/mm3) 2. Patients with symptoms such as fever, muscle/joint pain, cough, sore throat, nasal congestion, loss of smell. 3. Patients without serious underlying diseases (cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cancer, chronic lung diseases, immunosuppressive conditions) 4. Patients with normal chest x-ray and / or chest tomography (no sign of pneumonia) 5. Patients who accept oropharyngeal sample and venous blood collection at regular intervals within the scope of the protocol. 6. Patients who were not involved in any other interventional study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients who do not give their consent in writing after informing. 2. Being under the age of 18 and over the age of 60. 3. Patients with a known history of allergy to one of the study drugs (hydroxychloroquine, favipiravir). 4. Volunteers who the researcher thinks may have problems with adherence to treatment. 5. Volunteers who will have trouble taking medication by mouth due to resistant nausea, vomiting or chronic diarrhea. 6. Patients with chronic liver disease and transaminase (ALT or AST) levels 5 times the higher than the normal level. 7. Patients with heart disease or arrhythmia history. 8. Patients with gout or hyperuricemia. 9. Patients with signs of pneumonia in their lungs. 10. Patients with chronic renal failure (glomerular filtration rate \<30). 11. Pregnant or breastfeeding patients.
Pentoxyphilline Versus Fecal Microbiota Therapy in Severe Alcoholic Hepatitis Treatment for severe alcoholic hepatitis patients not eligible for steroid therapy is a dilemma. Pentoxyfilline has been shown to have no improvement in outcomes as per current studies and liver transplantation is with great risk of recidivism in this difficult to treat cohort of patients. Dysbiosis forms the central role in severe alcoholic hepatitis patients and modulation of gut microbiota by way of healthy donor fecal transplantation could prove to be a novel way to treating these patients who are ineligible for standard therapy. This study utilizes correction of dysbiosis in severe alcoholic hepatitis and surveys outcomes with the same with respect to survival and liver disease severity scores. Inclusion Criteria: * All patients with a diagnosis of severe alcoholic hepatitis who are steroid ineligible, are non responders or are intolerant * Severe alcoholic hepatitis defined as Maddrey's Discriminant Function Score (4.6 x (PT test - control))+ S.Bilirubin in mg/dl of more than 32 OR a patient of alcoholic hepatitis (defined as AST:ALT ratio \> 2:1) who presents with any grade of hepatic encephalopathy * Conventional therapy defined as oral steroid therapy (Wysolone ® 40mg once a day for 7 days) * Failure of therapy defined as a Lille Model Score (http://www.lillemodel.com) of \>0.45 at day 8 of steroid therapy OR emergence of complications of steroid therapy or intolerance to steroid protocol or ineligible for steroid therapy. * Ineligibility for steroid therapy includes - Renal dysfunction, evidence of active sepsis or foci of sepsis, gastro intestinal bleeding and disseminated intravascular coagulation, steroid intolerance, steroid related uncontrolled hyperglycemia which precludes therapy, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus * A Psychologist will be arranged for recipients who are on Fecal Transplant protocol for psychological support throughout the period of one week, during which the transplant procedure will be performed 1. Healthy persons who are willing for faeces donation have to be a close family member 2. The donor will be required to give a written consent for faeces donation 3. Once consent is taken, the donor will have to undergo the following screening measures: 1. Clostridium difficile toxins A and B by EIA 2. Routine bacterial culture for enteric pathogens in stool 3. Ova and parasites 4. Blood serology for viruses - human immunodeficiency virus \[HIV, type 1 and 2\] HAV IgM, HBsAg, anti HCV Ab Exclusion Criteria: * Active gastrointestinal bleeding * Intracranial bleeding * Multi-organ failure on mechanical ventilation * On high inotropic support * Paralytic ileus * Pregnancy * Sepsis * Failure to provide consent * Have abnormal bowel motions * Have abdominal complaints * Have symptoms indicative of irritable bowel syndrome * Have extensive travel history or predisposing factors for potentially transmittable diseases * Have chronic alcohol intake * Have history of substance abuse * Are less than 18 years or more than 60 years of age * Have HIV and Hepatitis Risk factors * Have enteric infections * Have inflammatory bowel disease history * Have chronic constipation or diarrhea * Have prior abdominal surgery or GI neoplasms * Have Metabolic Syndrome * Have Systemic Autoimmunity * Have atopic diseases * Have food and respiratory allergies * Have any chronic pain syndromes * Have chronic Neurologic disorders * Have Neurodevelopmental disorders * Have had antibiotics for any indication taken within the last 2 months
TransForm™ Occlusion Balloon Catheter Registry TransForm™ Occlusion Balloon Catheter Registry The primary objective of this registry is to collect real world data on the safety and performance of the TransForm™ Occlusion Balloon Catheter when used in current neurointerventional procedures * This is a prospective, single-arm, non-randomized, multi-center, observational registry. * The expected duration for study enrollment is approximately 6 months-1 year. * Study participation for each subject will be completed upon removal of the guide catheter post-procedure. * Up to 140 subjects will be enrolled at up to 15 study sites. A given site will be allowed to enroll a maximum of 20 subjects. * Enrollment in the registry occurs after a signed Informed Consent Form has been obtained, and the index procedure starts. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Subject or legal representative is willing and has provided informed consent. 2. Subject is scheduled to undergo a neurointerventional procedure that may include the use of the occlusion balloon catheter. 3. Subject is over 18 years of age. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subject's anatomy precludes safe delivery of the TransForm Occlusion Balloon Catheter. 2. Subject's pregnant
A Multicenter Study in Liver Transplant Patients Converted From Prograf® to Advagraf® During the First Post-transplantation Year A Cohort Study in Liver Transplant Patients Converted From a Tacrolimus Twice a Day (Prograf®) to Tacrolimus Once a Day (Advagraf®). French, Multisite, Observational Study A study in which two groups of patients will be analysed; patients converted from Prograf to Advagraf within the first 3 months after transplantation and patients converted from Prograf to Advagraf between 3 months and 1 year after transplantation. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient with a liver transplant performed in the previous year and for whom the conversion from Prograf® to Advagraf® was decided by the physician. Exclusion Criteria: * Patient participating in an interventional clinical trial at the time of enrolment into the study.
Chronic Plaque Psoriasis Study With Topical Formulation Of GW786034 A Study to Investigate the Irritation Potential on Healthy Intact Skin and Effect on Psoriatic Skin of Topical Applications of GW786034 This study is an exploratory study to evaluate the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of three concentrations of GW786034 ointment following treatment to small areas of stable psoriatic plaques. Dosing will proceed using a microplaque approach, where small volumes of ointment will be applied under full occlusion to representative psoriatic plaques. The effectiveness of topical GW786034 treatments and controls will be explored using visual intensity assessments in addition to dermal imaging and histological surrogates of disease activity. Inclusion criteria: * Stable (2-3 months) chronic plaque psoriasis covering greater than 5% body surface area (as determined by PASI palm method). * Other than having chronic plaque psoriasis, subject is health and ambulatory. * Women will be eligible to enter the study if they are of non-child-bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post-menopausal or surgically sterile). * Must have at least two clinically similar lesions with the following characteristics as deemed by the dermatologist: Moderate to severe in elevation (thickness), erythema, and scaling (with a total score of at least 6 for each target lesion, when assessed using a 0-4 PASI score). Located on the trunk, buttocks, thighs or upper arms. Are of a sufficient size that will allow the application of three occlusive patches. Exclusion criteria: * Guttate, erythrodermic, or pustular psoriasis. * Psoriasis is spontaneously improving. * Have had psoriasis that was unresponsive to adequately dosed (\> 10 weeks) cyclosporine. * Any systemic disorder or active skin disease (other than psoriasis) or subjects who present with scars, moles, tattoos, body piercings, sunburn in the test area. * History of congestive heart failure (NYHA Class 3 or 4), myocardial infarction, coronary artery bypass graft, percutaneous transluminal balloon angioplasty, cerebrovascular accident, chronic or intermittent oedema. * Blood pressure of greater than 150mmHg systolic and /or 95mmHg diastolic following triplicate measurements taken 5 minutes apart. * Presence of unstable or severe angina or coronary insufficiency. * Uncontrolled bacterial, viral, or fungal infection. * Congenital or acquired immunodeficiency. * History of malignancy within the last five years, except for surgically cured skin carcinoma or cervical dysplasia (CIN I-II). * An unwillingness of male subjects to use a condom/spermicide in addition to having their female partner use another form of contraception if the woman could become pregnant from the time of the first dose of study medication until 5 half-lives of the drug have elapsed following removal of the last dose of study medication. * An unwillingness of male subjects to abstain from sexual intercourse with pregnant or lactating women from the time of first dose of study medication until five half-lives or 5 days (whichever is longer) following removal of the last dose of study medication. * Prolonged exposure to the sun (or tanning beds) during the study. * Systemic anti-psoriasis therapy, including but not limited to: acitretin, cyclosporine, isotretinoin, infliximab, entercept, alefacept, oral steroids and psoralen during the 4 weeks prior to the first dose of study medication and throughout the study. * Concomitant use of phototherapy or photochemotherapy. * Concomitant use of lithium, antimalarials, interferons. * Systemic beta-blockers are permitted provided the dose is stable for four weeks before baseline and remains stable throughout the study. * Concomitant use of anti-arthritis therapies with known propensity for hepatotoxicity (i.e. diclofenac, gold, D-penicillamine, leflunomide). * Use of topical or intralesional treatments for psoriasis (e.g. mid- or high-potency topical corticosteroids) within 2 weeks prior to Day 1 and throughout the study, except for class VI or VII topical steroid treatments (Desonide, or 2.5% hydrocortisone) which will be allowed on the face. * Concomitant use of non-drug therapies (i.e. herbal products or alternative therapies) for psoriasis.
Characterization of Serum Proteome in Subjects With Prader Willi Syndrome (PROTEOMARKER) Characterization of Serum Proteome in Subjects Suffering From Prader Willi Syndrome With Different Degrees of Liver Steatosis The lack of serum markers that can be used to identify the levels of steatosis in obese subjects, or that can indicate a rapid progression of the metabolic disease, in which it is very often difficult to perform analyzes with imaging techniques, limits the current evolution from a generalized medicine to a personalized medicine. With the project proposal the aim is to identify serum markers for the characterization of steatosis in subjects affected by genetic obesity, which will most likely also be used in metabolic obesity. Methods Study design The study includes two phases, a first exploratory phase known as "discovery" in which 30 subjects with Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) will be analyzed with SOMAscan technology to perform a serum proteomic profile. Hepatic steatosis will be determined by the use of abdominal ultrasound in PWS subjects by establishing the control group (steatosis grade 0/1) and the steatotic one (steatosis grade 2/3). Subsequently, at least two candidate biomarkers will be selected and validated by ELISA in the 30 samples used in the discovery phase (samples already present in our serum bank) and a further 22 samples from PWS patients specifically enrolled for this study. Patients: 30 subjects already recruited in our previous MIRNOMAPWS project (RC-2018) with genetic diagnosis of PWS, of both sexes and aged between 18 and 45 years in baseline conditions, will be taken into consideration. For each patient, the following variables will be collected from the medical records: * anthropometric parameters (height, weight, BMI, waist circumference); * body composition (lean mass, fat mass), using the impedance measurement technique (BIA); * levels of steatosis measured with ultrasound according to standard criteria * basic metabolism, using indirect calorimetry; * biochemical parameters determining the metabolic syndrome (HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, blood sugar); * blood pressure; * concomitant hormonal therapies (growth hormone therapy, sex steroids, and/or l-thyroxine). Serum collection for proteomic analysis: the proteomic analysis will be performed on the 30 samples already available (used for the "discovery" phase) and on 22 new patients. Similarly to what was done for the MIRNOMAPWS project (RC-2018), fasting blood samples from new patients will be collected by standard venipuncture in BD Vacutainer® serum separation tubes (BD - Plymouth PL6 7BP, UK) and centrifuged at 1900g at 4°C for 10 min and at 16,000 g at 4°C for a further 10 minutes. The supernatants were frozen at -80°C for long-term storage. Proteomic analysis: before the proteomic analysis the presence of hemoglobin will be evaluated by spectrophotometer Beckman Coulter® DU®730 (Beckman Coulter, Brea, CA, USA) using the direct spectrophotometric method of Harboe with Allen correction: Hb (g / L) = (167, 2 × A415 - 83.6 × A380 - 83.6 × A450) x 1/1000 × 1 / dilution in dH2O. The cut-off considered for serum will be 0.020 g/L. For the proteomic characterization of serum, a new high-throughput omics technology based on the SomaLogic SOMAscan platform will be used. The system is based on the detection of SOMAmers (Slow Off-rate Modified Aptamers), which are aptameric forms of DNA with high affinity and specificity for the protein target. Furthermore, these aptamers are resistant to nucleotidase activity and demonstrate higher affinity than normal antibodies. The panel used in this study will allow us to evaluate 1500 protein targets that are involved in the development of metabolic diseases, are part of the general inflammatory response, and are of interest in the study of cardiovascular diseases and oncology. In general, the sensitivity and performance of the test are comparable to that of a normal ELISA kit, with limits for quantification around 100 fM and detection of 40 fM, and the need for only 65 µL of the sample. Validation of candidates by ELISA: in this phase, at least two of the markers will be validated, identified in the discovery phase, which have demonstrated a significant association with the increase in steatosis in multi-parametric correlation analyses. The validation will be done by quantifying the candidates in the serum samples using specific sandwich-type commercial ELISA kits. As mentioned in the previous section, a total of 52 samples will be measured, 30 of which enrolled for the discovery phase (sera already stored) and another 22 new samples from subjects enrolled for the validation phase. Inclusion Criteria: i. patients with a genetic diagnosis of Prader-Willi syndrome; ii. age range 18-45 years Exclusion Criteria: i. age \< 18 and \> 45 years
A Dose Ascending, Study To Examine The Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics And Pharmacodynamics Of GSK233705B. A Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Dose Ascending, 2-cohort, Parallel Group Study to Examine the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Twice-daily Inhaled Doses of GSK233705B Formulated With the Excipient Magnesium Stearate in COPD Subjects for 7-days. GSK233705 is a high-affinity specific muscarinic receptor (mAChR) antagonist which is being developed for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. This is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose ascending, parallel group study to examine the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of twice daily inhaled doses of GSK233705B for 7 days, in COPD subjects. Inclusion Criteria: * Men or women who are between 40 and 75 years of age * Female subjects must be of non-childbearing * Subject diagnosed with COPD * Body Mass Index 18.0 - 32.0 kg/m2 (inclusive) * Subject is a smoker or an ex-smoker * Subject has post-bronchodilator (200µg salbutamol) FEV1 of = 40% to = 80% of predicted normal. * Subject has FEV1/FVC \< 0.7 post-bronchodilator (200µg salbutamol). * Capable of giving written informed consent, which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the consent form. * Subject is available to complete all study measurements and procedures. * Subjects have a 24hour holter recording that is within normal limits and does not demonstrate any clinically important abnormality that, in the opinion of the investigator, would make the subject unsuitable for participation in the study. Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects who have a past or present disease, which as judged by the Investigator and the Medical Monitor, may affect the outcome of this study. * The subject has a positive pre-study alcohol screen. * The subject has a positive pre-study drug screen. * History of alcohol/drug abuse or dependence within 12 months of the study: Abuse * The subject has a positive pregnancy test. * A positive pre-study Hepatitis B surface antigen or positive Hepatitis C antibody result within 3 months of screening * Subject has tested positive for HIV * The subject has participated in a clinical trial and has received a drug or a new chemical entity within 60 days or 5 half-lives * Exposure to more than three new chemical entities (NCE) within 10 months prior to the first dosing day or one NCE within 3 months prior to the first dosing day. * The subject has donated a unit (400ml) of blood within 60 days of screening, or, intends to donate during the study. * The subject has a known allergy or hypersensitivity to ipratropium bromide, atropine and any of its derivatives or milk protein/lactose. * History of sensitivity to any of the study medications, or components thereof or a history of drug or other allergy that, in the opinion of the physician responsible, contraindicates their participation * Subject has prostate hypertrophy or narrow angle glaucoma
A Study of Siliphos in Adults With Non-alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) A Single-center, Single-blinded, Placebo-controlled Pilot Study of IdB 1016 (Siliphos) in Adult Patients With Non-alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) The purpose of this study is to evaluate the dietary supplement Siliphos, which comes from milk thistle, to determine whether it is safe and well-tolerated in adults who have non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). An additional aim of this study is to determine whether Siliphos may be beneficial in treatment of NASH as indicated by improvement in liver enzymes (ALT and AST). The study hypothesis is that Siliphos will be safe and well-tolerated in people with NASH and will result in a decrease in the liver enzymes ALT and AST. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) encompasses a spectrum of liver conditions characterized by fat accumulation in the liver. Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is one form of NAFLD that may progress to cirrhosis in some people. Currently, there are no medications that are approved for the treatment of NASH. Milk thistle is sold over-the-counter as a dietary supplement. Milk thistle has been used for hundreds of years as a supplement to support liver function, and is commonly taken by people with a variety of liver conditions. Milk thistle may help to reduce inflammation and fibrosis (scar tissue) in the liver, so it may be beneficial in the treatment of NASH. As NAFLD is very common in the population, there are probably many people with NAFLD taking milk thistle supplements. However, there are no published studies of milk thistle in NAFLD. Therefore, this study is designed to provide preliminary evidence of the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of milk thistle in people with NASH. Comparison: The milk thistle supplement (called Siliphos) will be compared to a placebo (sugar pill) in this study. Inclusion Criteria: * Liver biopsy within 12 months demonstrating NASH * Abnormal ALT Exclusion Criteria: * Uncontrolled diabetes * Hepatitis B, hepatitis C, or other chronic liver conditions * Abnormal kidney function * Excess alcohol consumption
Effectiveness of ROTEM-based Coagulation Surveillance on Reducing Blood Product Utilization During Complex Spine Surgery Effectiveness of ROTEM-based Coagulation Surveillance on Reducing Blood Product Utilization During Complex Spine Surgery: A Prospective Randomized Study The Purpose of this study is to identify added value of Rotational thrombo-elastometry (ROTEM) intra-operative coagulation surveillance on reducing blood product use during major reconstructive spine surgery. The aim of the study is to evaluate the effectiveness of intra-operative ROTEM-based coagulation monitoring on reducing total blood product use during complex spine surgery. The primary outcome will include estimated blood losses and blood product utilization during and after surgery (48 hours). Secondary outcomes also include hospital length of stay, and cost analysis of the 2 methodologies. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age \> 18 and \< 80 years old. 2. Elective spine surgery cases, with a traditional open posterior approach and involving fusion of at least 5 levels. 3. Normal coagulation profile (PT/INR, aPTT) and normal platelets count on pre-operative evaluation. 4. Preoperative hemoglobin Level \>10 g/dl. 5. OR time \> 4 hours. 6. No contraindication for the use of anti-fibrinolytic therapy (Tranexamic acid). Exclusion Criteria: 1. Age \< 18 or age \> 80 years old. 2. Anterior spine surgeries or posterior spine surgeries involving \<5 levels. 3. Minimally invasive spine surgeries. 4. Patients with known coagulopathies or bleeding tendencies or patients with abnormal coagulation laboratory values at baseline. 5. Patients with Hemoglobin level of \<10 g/dl on preoperative baseline laboratory values. 6. Trauma and Emergency spine surgeries. 7. Patients with spine malignancy diagnosis, either primary or metastatic. 8. OR time \< 4 hours. 9. Patients who refuse to use allogenic blood products. 10. Patients with contraindications for the use of anti-fibrinolytic therapy.
Registry Study of Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation & Transplant for Cholangiocarcinoma Patients Prospective Registry Study of Neoadjuvant Therapy in Conjunction With Liver Transplantation for Cholangiocarcinoma This is an observational study intended to validate results of a previous study done at the Mayo Clinic. Patients are treated with combination chemotherapy and radiation and maintained on oral Xeloda until they can receive liver transplant. A staging laparotomy is performed before chemoradiation in order to identify patients who will most benefit from the treatment and to improve outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Diagnosis of cholangiocarcinoma that has been established preoperatively by at least one of the following criteria: 1. A positive brush cytology or biopsy result obtained at the time of cholangiography; 2. Fluorescence in situ hybridization demonstrating aneuploidy; 3. A serum CA 19-9 value greater than 100 U/mL in the presence of a radiographically characteristic malignant stricture in the absence of cholangitis. 4. Listed for OLT for hilar cholangiocarcinoma 2. Tumor/stricture is above the cystic duct and is unresectable. 3. A suitable candidate for orthotopic liver transplantation as judged by the liver transplant team. All 3 treatment modalities are not needed to confirm eligibility for this registry trial. 4. \>/= 18 years of age. 5. Willing and able to provide written informed consent.
Comparison of Albuterol for Status Asthmaticus Comparison of Benzalkonium Chloride Containing Albuterol Versus Preservative Free Albuterol for the Treatment of Status Asthmaticus This study is designed to compare the length of continuous albuterol administration between two different albuterol formulations, BAC containing albuterol versus preservative free albuterol. The primary objective of this study is to compare the length of continuous albuterol administration between patients receiving BAC containing albuterol versus preservative free albuterol. Secondary objectives include comparison of therapy escalation, asthma scores, forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) at discharge, length of hospital stay, and cost. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients will be included in the study if they are admitted to the 5th floor of Norton Children's Hospital for the treatment of an acute asthma exacerbation, initiated on continuous albuterol inhalation therapy, and are between 5 and 17 years of age. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients will be excluded from the study if they are transferred from the 5th floor to the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU), admitted for any indication other than acute asthma exacerbation, or removed from the inpatient asthma protocol for any given reason.
Behavioral Problems Related to Attendance Adult Day Care Centers Behavioral Intervention to Reduce Resistance in Those Attending Adult Day Care Centers: PROCENDIAS Study. A Randomized Clinical Trial Adult Day Care Centers (ADCC) offer important relief and rest services for family caregivers. However, some caregivers report that behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) arise when they prepare dependents for the ADCC, especially when they have dementia. This issue increases stress for caregivers and contributes to a worsening of their mental health and quality of life. The present study evaluates the effectiveness of a behavioral intervention program aimed at reducing the reluctance of the dependent to attend the ADCC. We hope that reducing resistance will have a positive influence on the mental health of caregivers. Randomized controlled trial. The protocol was performed in accordance with the SPIRIT 2013 Statement and was registered in the Clinical Trials-gov (PROCENDIAS study). The CONSORT guidelines were rigorously followed in this randomized clinical trial. Information about the study, including the objectives, procedures, possible benefits and risks was provided at the beginning of the study and written informed consent, according to the general recommendations of the Declaration of Helsinki (World Medical, 2013), was obtained from each study participant. Study Population: The study was conducted in the municipality of Salamanca based on a list of people who attend an ADCC and whose relatives agree to participate voluntarily in the study. The reference population will be people attending ADCC and the relatives who participate in their care and who identify themselves as principal caregivers for this task. Variables and measurement instruments The data will be collected in an interview, using the questionnaire designed for the study. 1. Outcome variables: Caregiviers: Sociodemographic information. The frequency and distress associated with disruptive behaviors was measured with the Spanish version of the disruptive behaviors sub-scale of the Revised Memory and Behavior Problems Checklist (RMBPC), an 8-item scale with answers ranging from 0 (never occurred) to 4 (occurs daily or more often), for the frequency score, and from 0 (not at all) to 4 (extremely), for the distress score. Caregivers' mental health as self-perceived by caregivers was measured using the 12-item version of the GHQ-12 (Goldberg \& Hillier, 1979). Depressive symptomatology was measured through the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D; Radloff, 1977), a 20-item scale. Caregiver stress and overload were measured through the short Zarit Burden Interview (short ZBI; Gort et al., 2005). Family function has been measured using the family APGAR test (Smilkstein, 1978). 2. ADCC Users: Sociodemographic variables: age, gender, marital status and years of schooling; comorbidity (Charlson's comorbidity index). Functional capacity: basic activities of daily life (Barthel index); instrumental activities of daily living (Lawton-Brody index); Baseline Evaluation and Follow-Up: All ADCCs in the city were invited to participate in the study and those centres agreeing to do so sent an information letter about the project to the home of each of their users inviting them to participate in the study. Caregivers who agreed to participate reported at their centre and the centre contacted the research team. Participants received a telephone call from the research team after about 10-15 days to arrange an appointment and perform the baseline evaluation. The assessments were made either at the ADCC or at the relevant health centre. Those that met the inclusion criteria were subsequently selected. Once this phase was finished, the caregiver was assigned to the intervention group (IG) or control group (CG), in accordance with a previously randomised sequence. The assignment sequence was generated by an independent researcher using Epidat 4.2 software (Consellería de Sanidade, 2016) with a 1:2 a ratio. The selected family caregivers were informed that a weekly session of 90 minutes would be held over a period of 8 weeks in groups of 8-10 participants each. Caregivers of relatives with different pathologies were included. The same evaluation was performed for the CG and the IG at baseline and at 6 months after randomisation. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Participants in the study are those family members who help in the care of the person attending the ADCC at least two days a week; 2. Family caregivers perform or participate in organizing the dependent patient's preparation to visit the ADCC, with or without the help of another person. It is define "preparation for attendance" as all the activities performed by the caregivers in interaction with the patient, from the moment in which they begin to prepare until they get into the vehicle taking them to the ADCC, with the aim of facilitating their ADCC attendance. This includes, for example, waking them up, getting them out of bed, helping them shower and get dressed, assisting them at breakfast, helping them to walk and use the stairs, communicating with them about current actions and what they will be doing in the immediate future; 3. Family caregivers recognize the existence of at least one BPSD associated with ADCC care; 4. Signature of informed consent by family caregivers. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Paid caregivers; 2. Family caregivers who do not participate in the preparation for the ADCC visit; 3. Those who do not sign informed consent.
GlideScope With EGRI Assessment in Obese Patients GlideScope Videolaryngoscopy and Pre-Operative Assessment of El-Ganzouri Risk Index for Tracheal Intubation in Morbidly Obese Patients The Prospective Observational GLOBE Study BACKGROUND Unpredicted difficult tracheal intubation (DTI) with Macintosh laryngoscopy occurs frequently in obese patients. We investigated the incidence of DTI using the GlideScope® videolaryngoscope (GVL) with an algorithm based on a pre-operative assessment with the El Ganzouri Risk Index (EGRI). METHODS We prospectively enrolled morbidly obese patients (BMI\>40 kg/m2) undergoing abdominal surgery. Patients were scheduled for flexible fibre optic bronchoscopic intubation (FFBI) or GVL intubation if the EGRI score was ≥7 or \<7, respectively. The primary outcome was the occurrence of DTI that was defined as Cormack and Lehane (C\&L) grades ≥III, Intubation Difficulty Scale (IDS)\>5 and modified IDS (mIDS)\>5. A numeric rating scale (NRS) was also used. Secondary outcomes included intubation success during the first attempt, the time to Cormack (TTC), the time to intubation (TTI), failure to intubate, oxygen desaturation and difficult ventilation. The EGRI, a multivariate risk index that combines seven variables associated with DTI, was evaluated in all patients during the pre-anaesthesia visit. The results were reported in the clinical chart. All tracheal intubations in obese patients needing surgery were routinely performed using GVL. The intubations were performed or assisted by five board-certified anaesthesiologists who had prior experience with at least 20 GVL intubations, as well as at least two years of experience with anaesthesia in obese patients. In cases where the GVL intubation was performed by anaesthesiologists that were in training, the GVL expert was actively advising the operator during all of the intubating procedures. The standard equipment included a GVL with blade number three to five and an orotracheal hockey stick tube with a malleable single-use stylet (Fr 14, Intubating Stylet, DEAS). The standard anaesthesia induction started with 3-5 minutes of pre-oxygenation using 5 cm H2O PEEP in a 30° head-up position, as well as induction with fentanyl 3 μg kg -1 (LBW), propofol 2-3 mg kg -1 (LBW) and suxamethonium 1 mg Kg -1 (TBW). When spontaneous respiration ceased, the patient was mask ventilated with 100% oxygen. The tube was lubricated and advanced into the mouth under direct visual guidance to avoid complications, and then, under indirect visual guidance using the GVL monitor. The correct placement of the cuffed tube was verified using a capnograph and a stethoscope. The tube sizes were 7.0 for women and 7.5 for men. Each patient was monitored using an electrocardiogram, non-invasive arterial blood pressure measurement, and pulse oximetry before both tracheal intubation and anaesthesia induction. The basic demographic data and airway characteristics necessary to evaluate the primary outcome and to calculate the EGRI score were registered prior to anaesthesia. Patients with an EGRI score of 7 or higher were scheduled for elective fibre optic flexible bronchoscopic intubation (FFBI), while patients with an EGRI score of less than 7 underwent anaesthesia induction and GVL intubation, according to a predefined algorithm Inclusion Criteria: * Body Mass Index (BMI)\>40 kg m-2. * Surgery with tracheal intubation scheduled Exclusion Criteria: * age \< 18 years * severe psychological disorders that have the possibility of limiting the patient's comprehension of information * previously impossible mask ventilation or intubation with GVL * presence of pharyngo-laryngeal or neck tumours
The Effect of Cinnamon Extract on Insulin Resistance Parameters in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Pilot Study The Effect of Cinnamon Extract on Insulin Resistance Parameters in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Pilot Study The purpose of this study is to determine whether oral cinnamon extract are effective in reducing insulin resistance parameters in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very common condition found in women of childbearing age. PCOS patients often have irregular periods, extra hair growth, or difficulty becoming pregnant. The syndrome can also be associated with more serious conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, or cancer of the uterus. Although no one knows the cause of the syndrome, scientific studies showed that having too much insulin can be one of the reasons. In fact, almost every overweight woman with PCOS has been found to have high insulin levels. Medications that lower the body's insulin level used to treat people with diabetes mellitus have also been used very successfully to treat some of the symptoms of PCOS such as irregular periods. Recently studies using rats and mice have shown that a commonly used spice, cinnamon, may also reduce the body's insulin level. Another study showed that daily use of cinnamon for forty days lowered the blood sugar level in patients with diabetes. The purpose of this study is to see if cinnamon can lower the insulin level in women with PCOS. If so, it can also be used as a treatment for irregular periods as well. Half of the patients in the study will take premade cinnamon extract pills twice a day while the other half will take placebo pills (pills with no cinnamon extract) twice a day for eight weeks. Blood tests measuring insulin, substances important for insulin action, cholesterol, and glucose (sugar) will be taken before and after the eight weeks of medication. A total of three separate visits will be needed to finish the study. At the end of the study, we will then compare the blood glucose, insulin, and cholesterol levels between the patients that took cinnamon and the patients that took placebo. Inclusion Criteria: * Polycystic ovary syndrome Exclusion Criteria: * Diabetes mellitus, hyperprolactinemia, thyroid disorders, and hypertension
Effects of Metformin Plus Simvastatin on Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS): A Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinopathy affecting 6.5%-6.7% of women in reproductive age, and is commonly associated with obesity, menstrual irregularity, insulin resistance (IR), infertility, and clinical hyperandrogenism and/or hyperandrogenemia (1,2). PCOS is also associated with increased risk of abnormal lipoproteins and hypertension, as well as cardiovascular or cerebrovascular morbidity (3). The lipid and lipoprotein profile in androgenized women with poly cystic ovaries is similar to the made pattern with higher levels of cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and lower levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and this abnormal pattern is independent of body weight (4). Insulin resistance is associated with reproductive abnormalities in women with PCOS. Improving insulin sensitivity through both lifestyle and pharmacological intervention can ameliorate these abnormalities. Insulin resistance in women with PCOS is common (up to 50%), both in obese and nonobese women (5), and disordered insulin action precedes the increase in androgen. Treatment for PCOS subjects typically includes, implementation of lifestyle changes especially weight loss and adjuvant pharmaceutical intervention including oral contraceptives, anti-androgen therapy and insulin-lowering drugs (such as, metformin) (6). Metformin is a biguanide used extensively in type 2 diabetes. It inhibits hepatic glucose production and increases peripheral insulin sensitivity, but dose not cause hypoglycemia. Several studies have shown an increase in insulin sensitivity and pregnancy rate accompanied by decreased insulin and androgen levels in PCOS patients taking metformin (7). The 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-COA) reductase inhibitors (statins) are the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis, and inhibition of this enzyme decreases cholesterol synthesis and a compensatory increase in the expression of LDL receptors in the liver. Statins reduce plasma triglycerides in dose-dependent fashion and also have a modest HDL-raising effect which is not dose-dependent (8,9). Furthermore, statins pose other cardio-protective properties, including antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions (10,11). Some studies have reported that simvastatin decreases serum androgen levels in women with PCOS (12,13) by inhibiting proliferation and steroidogenesis of ovarian theca-interstitial cells (14). According to these previous findings, we hypothesized that combination therapy with simvastatin and metformin will result in lower androgen levels and cardiovascular risk factors in women with PCOS. Inclusion Criteria: * All patients should have at least two of three following criteria: I) chronic anovulation, II) clinical and/or biochemical evidence of androgen excess and III) polycystic-appearing ovaries on transvaginal ultrasound. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with Cushing's syndrome, hyperprolactinemia, diabetes mellitus (DM), thyroid disease, adrenal hyperplasia and androgen-secreting tumors or other endocrinopathies, will be excluded from the study. * Patients with adrenal hyperplasia will be excluded by ACTH-stimulated 17-hydroxyprogesterone levels less than 10 ng/ml (15), and ACTH-stimulated 11-deoxycortisol levels less than 21 ng/ml \[3-fold the 95th percentile (16) of a historical control group of 60 healthy women controls\]. * Those subjects who have kidney or liver diseases and those who were smoker or had breast cancer will also be excluded from the study. * None of the participants receive oral contraceptives (OCPs), steroid hormones or any medications that interfere with lipid metabolism, ovarian and pituitary and hypothalamic function, or insulin sensitivity in the last 3 months before study.
Carbon Dioxide Rebreathing During Exercise Assisted by Non-invasive Ventilation Evaluation of Carbon Dioxide Rebreathing During Exercise Assisted by Non-invasive Ventilation The purpose of this study was to evaluate whether CO2 rebreathing occurs in healthy subjects or patients with COPD ventilated during exercise assisted by the single-limb circuit with a plateau exhalation valve at a given inspiratory positive airway pressure and a minimal level of expiratory positive airway pressure (EPAP) and whether there is a potential threshold for predicting CO2 rebreathing. Non-invasive ventilation circuit consists of single-limb tubing for inspiration and expiration, including a plateau exhalation valve. As exhaled gases was vented out the plateau exhalation valve at a constant rate, during exercise, with the increase of exhalation flow, single-limb circuit with a plateau exhalation valve might cause carbon dioxide(CO2) rebreathing. Therefore, our aim in the present study was to evaluate whether CO2 rebreathing occurs in COPD patients ventilated during exercise assisted by the single-limb circuit with a plateau exhalation valve and estimate a potential threshold for predicting CO2 rebreathing. Inclusion Criteria: * presented clinically stable (no exacerbation in the 4 weeks prior to study participation or with no change in medications); * physician diagnosed COPD, forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1) \< 50% predicted; * dyspnea as a main symptom that limited daily activities. Exclusion Criteria: * subjects with obvious pulmonary bullae demonstrated by chest CT scan or X-ray; * examination or facial trauma/malformation, recent facial, upper airway or upper gastrointestinal tract surgery, that would preclude receiving NIV therapy; * a history of coronary artery disease or cardiac arrhythmias or potential electrocardiographic alterations; * a history of uncontrolled hypertension, or other respiratory diseases; * oxygen saturation(SpO2) \< 88% at rest with a fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO2) ≥ 0.5; * patients with musculoskeletal or neurological disorders; * or failure to comply with the research protocol.
Immediate vs Delayed Placement of Straumann BLX Implants in Molar Extraction Sockets Immediate vs Delayed Placement of Straumann BLX Implants in Molar Extraction Sockets The aim of this study is to clinically and radiographically compare the success and survival of implants immediately placed in molar fresh extraction socket to delayed implant placement at least 12 weeks post molar extraction. The secondary aim is to evaluate the peri-implant tissue response around implants with immediate vs. delayed placement. Study Population To be included in the study, the subjects must be 22 years of age or older and in good general health. They must have at least one nonrestorable more indicated for extraction and immediate or delayed implant placement. Subjects who are unable to undergo oral surgery procedures, smokers, and women who are (or become) pregnant (or are breastfeeding) will be excluded from this study. Additionally, subjects with bone infections or compromised health that may affect the ability of the patients' tissues to heal (e.g., uncontrolled diabetes, bisphosphonate use, current glucocorticoid use) will not be included in this clinical study. 15 implants in each group are necessary to provide 90% power with a type I error of 0.05. Each subject will be randomly assigned into one of two treatment groups: Test Group (n=15): The test group will receive immediate molar implant placement in fresh extraction socket with nonocclusal loading immediate provisionalization (Straumann BLX 6.5mm). Control Group (n=15): The control group will receive delayed molar implant placement at least 12 weeks post molar extraction with nonocclusal loading immediate provisionalization (Straumann BLX 5.0mm). Subject Recruitment Methods and Privacy: Subjects who seek implant treatment in University of Kentucky, College of Dentistry clinics. Implant clinics is referral base clinic. Once a subject is referred to extract a nonrestorable molar tooth and be replaced with an implant, potential subjects will be informed with the study. If subjects decide to be part of the study, informed consent will be signed prior to screening visit. Informed Consent Process: The research study will be conducted at the facilities of University of Kentucky, College of Dentistry after approval by the Institutional Review Board. All members of the research team received training in human subject protection. After each patient has been given verbal and written information describing the nature of the study, informed consent will be obtained before he or she can enter the study. A copy of the consent form will be given to the patient and another retained by the investigator. Patients will not be screened until an informed consent has been obtained. Inclusion Criteria: * 22 years of age or older * good general health. * at least one nonrestorable more indicated for extraction and immediate or delayed implant placement Exclusion Criteria: * undergo oral surgery procedures * smokers * women who are (or become) pregnant (or are breastfeeding) * subjects with bone infections or compromised health that may affect the ability of the patients' tissues to heal (e.g., uncontrolled diabetes, bisphosphonate use, current glucocorticoid use)
Clinical Impact of the Withdrawal of Nitrate in Patients With Stable Angina Withdrawal of Nitrate in Patients With Stable Angina - Multicenter Clinical Trial Chronic treatment of stable angina with nitrates long and short action is extremely frequent. In clinical practice the most commonly observed is a combination of anti-anginal agents, usually including nitrates fixed in an attempt to improve the quality of life of patients, which is not always met with success. Numerous questions and problems are seen with chronic use of oral nitrates. From a practical standpoint, some advocate the withdrawal of medication in stable patients, while many physicians still hesitate to withdraw the medication by the lack of definitive information about its consequences. In this sense there is a rationale for the attempted removal of nitrate fixed these patients, although evidence to support this action have not been adequately evaluated. The Ischemic Heart Disease remains in recent years as a major cause of mortality in most of the world, and also the disease that consumes more resources in health in industrialized countries. The use of fixed nitrate in patients with stable angina is quite common, but there is a scarcity of studies showing the need for this medication in this class pacientes.Este study aims to evaluate the consequences of the withdrawal of fixed nitrate in patients with stable angina class I and II, hemodynamically stable for the past six months, as the frequency and duration of episodes of angina, silent ischemia and functional capacity by exercise testing, 24-hour Holter and measurement of quality of life and adherence to therapy. For this purpose, a randomized blinded multicenter clinical trial was designed to placebo (intervention group) X nitrate (control group) in a follow-up period for 4 months. Both groups will receive three evaluations (baseline, 30 days and 120 days) during follow-up. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients of both sexes, aged 18 years or above, with coronary artery disease documented by angiography or noninvasive test (scintigraphy) with stable angina functional class I or II of the Canadian Cardiothoracic Society (CCS), clinically stable for at least six months, using two or more antianginal agents (betablockers or calcium channel antagonist), among them nitrate fixed. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with residence far from the research center and unable to appropriate follow-up. Patients with decompensated heart failure symptoms or class III or IV New York Heart Association (NYHA), poorly controlled hypertension (BP greater than 160/90 mmHg), patients unable to walk or perform stress test and ECG interpretable. Also excluded were patients in the exercise test pre-randomization present significant alterations.
A Dose- and Efficacy-Finding Study of RO5323441 in Combination With Avastin (Bevacizumab) in Patients With Recurrent Glioblastoma Open-label, Combined Dose-finding (Phase I) and Efficacy-finding (Phase II) Study of RO5323441 in Combination With Bevacizumab for Patients With Recurrent Glioblastoma This open-label, multicenter study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of RO5323441 in combination with Avastin (bevacizumab) in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. In the dose-finding part, patients will receive intravenous escalating doses of RO5323441 in combination with 10 mg/kg Avastin once every two weeks. In the efficacy-finding part, patients will be randomized to receive the established dose (from the dose-finding part) of RO5323441 plus Avastin or Avastin alone. Patients in the dose-finding part may continue treatment with RO5323441 and Avastin on the study until evidence of progressive disease or unacceptable adverse events happen. In the efficacy-finding part, patients will receive study treatment until disease progression or death. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients, \>/=18 years of age * Histologically confirmed glioblastoma * Radiographic demonstration of disease progression by Response Assessment in Neurooncology (RANO) criteria following prior therapy * Availability of at least 1 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor tissue sample * If receiving corticosteroids, patients must have been on a stable or decreasing dose of corticosteroids * Prior standard radiotherapy for glioblastoma * Karnofsky Performance status \>/=70 * Over 4 weeks since prior surgical resection * Over 12 weeks from radiotherapy * Over 4 weeks from anticancer agents Exclusion Criteria: * Patients had second or later glioblastoma relapse * Patients received more than one systemic treatment regimen for glioblastoma * Patients have secondary glioblastoma * Prior treatment with Avastin * Patients unable to undergo Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)
A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of a Single Dose of Donzakimig in Healthy Chinese and Japanese Participants A Single-Center, Randomized, Investigator- and Participant-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 1 Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics After a Single Dose of Donzakimig in Healthy Chinese and Japanese Participants The purpose of the study is to investigate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic parameters of 2 dose strengths of donzakimig, each administered subcutaneously as a single dose, in healthy Chinese and Japanese study participants. Inclusion criteria * Study participant must be 18 to 55 years of age inclusive at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF) * Study participant who is overtly healthy as determined by medical evaluation including medical history, physical examination, laboratory tests, and cardiac assessment * Chinese study participant who is of Chinese descent as evidenced in appearance and verbal confirmation of familial heritage and is of Chinese descent with all 4 grandparents, OR Japanese study participant who is of Japanese descent as evidenced in appearance and verbal confirmation of familial heritage and is of Japanese descent with all 4 grandparents * Study participant has a body mass index within the range of 18 to 30kg/m2 (inclusive) * Study participant can be male or female Exclusion criteria * Study participant has clinically significant multiple or severe drug allergies (including to humanized monoclonal antibodyies (mAbs), intolerance to topical corticosteroids, severe post-treatment hypersensitivity reactions (including, but not limited to, erythema multiforme major, linear immunoglobulin A dermatosis, toxic epidermal necrolysis, and exfoliative dermatitis), known relevant allergy (not including mild seasonal hay fever and/or conjunctivitis or low grade food intolerances), pre-existing history of a relevant allergic condition, or a predisposition for an allergic reaction, as judged by the Investigator * Study participant has a recent history (within 6 months prior to Screening) or currently active clinically-significant bacterial, fungal, endoparasite (including the presence of ova, cysts, or parasites detected in stool sample provided at Screening), or viral (including hospitalization for coronavirus disease 2019 \[COVID-19\]) infection, as judged by the Investigator * Study participant has a history of inflammatory bowel disease (eg, Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis) * Study participant has a history of diabetes * Study participant has received any vaccination within 8 weeks for live vaccines (including attenuated) and 4 weeks for nonlive vaccines prior to the Baseline Visit or is anticipated to do so within 60 days after the dose of IMP * Study participant has received Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccinations within 1 year prior to the Baseline Visit or will receive them within 90 days after the dose of IMP * Study participant has participated in another study of an IMP or has received any biologic agent within the 30 days prior to Screening (or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer) * Study participant has had a positive human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antibody test * Study participant has the presence of either hepatitis B core antibody or hepatitis B surface antigen at Screening or within 3 months prior to dosing * Study participant has a positive hepatitis C antibody test result at Screening or within 3 months prior to Screening. * Study participant has a positive hepatitis C ribonucleic acid (RNA) test result at Screening or within 3 months prior to Screening
Pharmaco-Economic Study of Treatment Options in Patients With Advanced RCC Patients Characteristics, Treatment Utilization, Costs and Outcomes in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) Who Received at Least One Prior Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF)-Targeted Therapy in Taiwan This is a retrospective cohort study aiming to collect data on patients' characteristics, resource utilization, adverse events management and calculate costs attributed to current treatments of advance RCC patients who have received at least one prior VEGF-targeted therapy in Taiwan from National Health Insurance (NHI) perspective. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with confirmed diagnosis of clear-cell renal cell carcinoma * Patients with evidence of metastatic disease * Patients who have received at least one previous VEGFR-targeted therapy, i.e sunitinib, pazopanib or sorafenib * Patients who received care at the selected medical centers, utilizing the National Health Insurance (NHI) reimbursed system at the time of the disease Exclusion Criteria: * Patients enrolled in any clinical trial involving anti-cancer therapy * Pregnant woman
Preventing Malnutrition in Children Under Two Years of Age Approach Strengthening and Evaluating the "Preventing Malnutrition in Children Under Two Years of Age Approach" (PM2A) in Guatemala and Burundi A study conducted by IFPRI in Haiti provided the first programmatic evidence, using a cluster randomized evaluation design, that preventing child undernutrition in children under two years of age (PM2A) through an integrated program providing food rations, BCC and preventive health and nutrition services is both feasible and highly effective. The study's principal aim was to compare a newly designed preventive approach with the traditional (recuperative) food assisted MCHN program approach, and therefore included only two comparison groups: one group of communities that was randomly assigned to the preventive approach and another group assigned to the recuperative approach. For logistical and financial reasons, the study did not include a randomized control group receiving no intervention. The Haiti study design was well-suited to achieve its main goal - i.e. to test whether the preventive approach was more effective than the recuperative approach at preventing child undernutrition - but it left a number of questions unanswered. The present study will address several of these questions, which will allow to further refine the PM2A approach, facilitate its replication in different contexts, and maximize its impact and cost-effectiveness in future programming. The study will be conducted in Guatemala and Burundi. The key research objectives are: 1. Impact and cost effectiveness: Assess the impact and cost effectiveness of PM2A on child nutritional status. 2. Optimal composition and size of food rations in PM2A: Assess the differential and absolute impact of varying the size and types of foods incorporated in the food ration of the PM2A. More specifically, assess the differential effect of different sizes of family food rations, and assess the impact of substituting the individual food ration with new micronutrient-rich products such as lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNS) or micronutrient Sprinkles. 3. Optimal timing and duration of PM2A: Assess the differential and absolute impact of varying the timing and duration of exposure to PM2A on child nutritional status. Inclusion Criteria: * Guatemala: pregnant mothers and subsequently their born children up to the age of 24 months; * Burundi: cross-sectional study: children 0 to 42 of age. Exclusion Criteria: * none
HKT-500 in Adult Patients With Ankle Sprain Protocol HKT-500-US10: A Randomized, Multicenter, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of HKT-500 in the Treatment of Pain Associated With Grade I or Grade II Ankle Sprain The objective of this study is to demonstrate the multiple-dose efficacy and safety of HKT-500 for the treatment of ankle sprain. Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study in men and women 18 years of age or older who have a painful, acute, benign, ankle sprain of the lateral ligament(s) within the previous 48 hours. Inclusion Criteria: * Grade I or Grade II Ankle Sprain. Exclusion Criteria: * The subject is a women of childbearing potential who has a positive urine pregnancy test, who is lactating, who is not surgically sterile (by tubal ligation or hysterectomy), or at least 2 years postmenopausal, and has not practice an acceptable form of birth control (defined as the use of an intrauterine device with spermicide, a barrier method with spermicide, condoms with spermicide, subdermal implant, oral contraceptives, or abstinence) for at least 2 months prior to Visit 1.
The Effects of Lentil-containing Food Products on Satiety and Food Intake The Effects of Lentil-containing Food Products on Satiety and Food Intake in Healthy Adults The Lentil Satiety study will examine the effects of replacing wheat and rice with two types of lentils within food products (muffins and chilies) on satiety and food intake in healthy adults. The Lentil Satiety study will examine the effects of replacing wheat and rice with two types of lentils (small green Eston and red split) within food products (muffins and chilies) on satiety and food intake in healthy adults, for a total of 6 study treatments. A total of 3 to 6 study visits (corresponding to consuming all muffins and/or all chilies) will take place where participants will consume one of the study treatments and subsequently complete satiety questionnaires over 180 minutes to measure satiety as subjective appetite sensations (hunger, fullness, desire to eat, and prospective food consumption). At 180 minutes, participants will receive ad libitum pizza and bottled water to consume until they are comfortably full for a measure of weighed food intake. At the end of each study visit, participants will be given a food scale and instructed to weigh and record all food and drink consumed for the remainder of the day for a measure of 24-hour energy intake. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy males and females * Age 18 to 40 years old * BMI 20-30 kg/m2 Exclusion Criteria: * Blood pressure greater than 140/90 mmHg * Major medical condition including a history of AIDS or hepatitis * Medical or surgical event requiring hospitalization within 3 months of randomization * Any medication use except stable dose (3 months) of oral contraceptives, blood pressure or statin medications * Tobacco use * Probiotic supplement use * Dietary fibre supplement use * Natural health products (NHPs) used for glycemic control (all other NHPs are ok, as long as stable for 3 months) * Pulse consumption greater than 4 servings per week * Food allergy or non-food life threatening allergy * Pregnant or breastfeeding * Alcohol consumption of greater than 14 drinks per week or greater than 4 drinks per sitting * Recent or intended significant weight loss or gain (greater than 4kg in previous 3 months) * Elite athletes * Shift workers * Breakfast skippers * Score greater than 11, 9, or 8 on the Three Factor Eating Questionnaire (TFEQ) Cognitive Restraint, Disinhibition, and Hunger scales, respectively * Dislike of frozen pizza
Efficacy and Safety of Kunxian Capsule in Treatment Patients With Early Ankylosing Spondylitis A Clinical Trial About the Efficacy and Safety of Kunxian Capsule in Treatment Patients With Early Ankylosing Spondylitis: a 12-week, Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Active Drug and Placebo Compared Clinical Trial This is a prospective randomized controlled study to evaluated the efficacy and safety of kunxian capsule in treating of patients with early ankylosing spondylitis (AS). The major outcome index is proportion of patients achieving ASAS20 response at week12, and minor outcome indexes include ASAS50 and ASAS70, BASDAI20,BASDAI50 and BASDAI70. The adverse events at any time were recorded to evaluate the safety. Inclusion Criteria: * 16 to 65 years old, having signed the informed consent; * fulfill the ESSG criteria for diagnosis of SpA; not fulfill the 1984 modified NewYork criteria for AS; * BASDAI score more than 4; * stop taking DMARDs for at least 4 weeks; * NSAIDs dosage has been stable for at least 4 weeks; Exclusion Criteria: * Intra-articular injection of cortisone within 3 months. * History of heart failure, multiple sclerosis, COPD, lymphoma or other tumors; * Accompanied by fibromyalgia or other rheumatic diseases; * Female of pregnancy or breast feeding; * History of mental disease and poor compliance. * History of drug abuse or alcoholism.
Albuterol and Immune Cell Composition Albuterol and Immune Cell Composition The aim of this pilot study is to determine the effects of albuterol on the composition of immune cells in the bloodstream for possible future use in patients with neuroblastoma. Neuroblastoma is a cancer that typically affects the nerves of children. Sometimes the treatment required for neuroblastoma is an autologous stem cell transplant, where patients who are experiencing neuroblastoma will undergo an expansion of their blood system and collect their peripheral blood to later infuse back into them after chemotherapy and/or radiation. However, up to 14% of individuals experience complications with this procedure. Research has shown that certain drugs that cause similar effects on the body to that of acute exercise can elicit a more favorable donation. However, these drugs are very costly. Albuterol, on the other hand, is a regularly used drug that may have a similar effect on the body as adrenaline and is used to treat individuals who are experiencing respiratory airway distress. The benefit of albuterol is that it can be administered through inhalation, further reducing patient burden. The aim of this pilot study is to determine the effects of albuterol on the composition of immune cells in the bloodstream. Five healthy volunteers (age 21-44 years) will be recruited to participate in this study. Each participant will donate a 6ml blood sample before and during a 20-minute continuous albuterol nebulization through an IV catheter. During the last 10 minutes of the nebulization, participants will submit to another 6mL blood draw. Inclusion Criteria: * Any gender * 21-44 years of age Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects must not: be younger than 21 or older than 44 years of age * Indicate a condition on the ACSM-AHA preexercise screening questionnaire indicating that physician approval is required prior to exercise * current user of tobacco products or have quit within the previous 6-months * body mass index of \>30 kg/m2, or waist girth of \>102cm for men and \>88cm for women * use over-the-counter medication known to affect the immune system (i.e. regular use of ibuprofen/aspirin, anti-histamines or beta-blockers) * have chronic/debilitating arthritis * have been bedridden in the past three months * have common illness (i.e. colds) within the past 6-weeks * have HIV * have hepatitis * have had a stroke * have major affective disorder * have any autoimmune disease * have central or peripheral nervous disorders * have blood vessel disease * have cardiovascular disease (CVD) * use of any prescription medication * pregnancy or are breast-feeding * asthma, emphysema, bronchitis, kidney disease; pheochromocytoma; diabetes; overactive thyroid * history of severe anaphylactic reaction to an allergen * or are scheduled to have surgery * Individuals who pass the exclusion criteria detailed above but present with more than one of the following CVD risk factors will also be excluded from the study: family history of myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization, or sudden death before 55 years of age in father or other male first-degree relative or before 65 years of age in mother or other female first-degree relative; hypertension (systolic blood pressure of \>140 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure \>90 mmHg); dyslipidemia (total serum cholesterol of \>200 mg/dl); pre-diabetes (fasting blood glucose of \>100mg/dl but \<126 mg/dl).
IQOS (Non-Cigarette Tobacco Product) Pilot Study Impact Of IQOS Non-Cigarette Tobacco Product On Reinforcement Value and Use In Current Smokers A novel type of non-cigarette tobacco product was recently approved for sale in the US, the heated tobacco product (HTP) IQOS. IQOS may be less harmful than cigarettes, and there are some reports that it may produce more rewarding subjective effects compared to e-cigarettes. The approval of IQOS provides a unique opportunity to gather preliminary data surrounding IQOS. The goal of this pilot study is to assess the subjective effects and relative reinforcement value of IQOS, including its downstream effects on cigarette smoking. Current smokers will complete a one-week baseline period where they smoke as normal before attending an in-person lab visit. During the in-person lab visit, participants (n=10) will sample a traditional cigarette and a novel IQOS tobacco product. Participants will answer questionnaires about each product they sample and then complete a preference assessment in which they choose between the IQOS and their own cigarette. Finally, participants will take home a tobacco product they sampled to use ad libitum (1-week sampling). During the at-home baseline and sampling weeks, participants will complete electronic daily diaries cataloging their tobacco use. Biomarkers (i.e., expired carbon monoxide, cotinine) will corroborate self-reported indices of use. Inclusion Criteria: * daily cigarette smoker * interested in using non-cigarette tobacco product * have a smartphone that can receive text messages and has access to the internet or have an e-mail account they check daily (necessary for daily diary completion). Exclusion Criteria: * additional tobacco use criteria * additional medical criteria
Metformin in Obese Non-diabetic Pregnant Women Does Metformin Improve Pregnancy Outcomes (Incidence of LGA (≥90% Birth Weight Centile) Babies, Onset of Maternal GDM, Hypertension, PET, Macrosomia, Shoulder Dystocia, Admission to SCBU) in Obese Non-diabetic Women? Obesity is on the rise in all developed countries. Of particular concern is that more young people including children are being recognised as being overweight or obese. We know from a recent large national enquiry into all maternal and child deaths in the UK, known as CEMACH, that obesity is a major risk both for the mother and her child. When all deaths in women during pregnancy are analysed, obesity comes out as the most common risk factor. Babies of obese mothers are more than 3 times as likely to need admission to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Traditionally, obesity is treated by lifestyle measures encouraging healthy eating and increasing physical activity. Unfortunately these measures are often insufficient to produce significant improvements in weight. If obese women gain little or even no weight during pregnancy, the outcome of the pregnancy is known to be improved. This was shown in a very large study of more than 120, 000 obese women. The drug metformin has been used for years in the treatment of diabetes and more recently for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Studies in pregnant PCOS women and women with diabetes in pregnancy have shown it to be safe and effective. Fortunately it is relatively cheap and taken as a tablet with meals. Metformin has the great advantage of not causing weight gain and often leads to a small amount of weight loss. It works by improving the body's sensitivity to insulin which is important as resistance to insulin is common in obesity. We have a lot of experience using metformin to treat women with diabetes in pregnancy where it is greatly beneficial. We now wish to examine its potential for obese women who do not have diabetes. We are hoping to show that it will benefit these women by causing less weight gain, less high blood pressure, and less diabetes. We anticipate babies will also have better birth weights, will be easier to deliver naturally, will not need to go to special care baby units and will be healthier. Obesity in Pregnancy has been identified by the Confidential Enquiry into Maternal and Child Health \[CEMACH\] report (2007) as a major health risk to mother and baby: * 35% of women who died were obese * 30% of the mothers who had a stillbirth or a neonatal death were obese Obesity increases the risk of miscarriages, GDM, pregnancy-induced hypertension/PET, Caesarean sections, deep venous thrombosis, puerperal sepsis and LGA babies. There is a 5-fold increase in costs of antenatal care. Results from various studies have concluded that limited or no weight gain during pregnancy in obese women results in more favourable pregnancy outcomes. By improving insulin sensitivity and enhancing GLP-1 release, metformin is associated with weight reduction by approximately 5.8% with no serious adverse events. The aim of this study is to test the hypothesis that management of obese non-diabetic pregnant women with standardised life-style intervention (diet and physical activity) plus metformin will lead to improved maternal and perinatal outcomes compared with life-style intervention alone. The study will also seek to determine whether metformin will improve body fat distribution as measured by bioimpedance during pregnancy with particular emphasis on metabolic active visceral fat. Genetic studies will investigate whether patients with polymorphisms of the candidate fat gene, FTO gene, differ in their response to metformin and whether this is associated with favourable pregnancy outcomes. This is a randomised, multicentre, double blind, placebo-controlled trial.Assuming power 90%, significance level 5% and 2-sided testing, we will recruit 425 subjects per arm of the trial.This will allow the detection of a difference in mean centile (z-score) of 0.21 standard deviations. All women will undergo oral glucose tolerance testing at booking and at 28 wks; those found to have GDM at 28 weeks will commence home glucose monitoring and will receive metformin if glucose values are outside target range. The primary outcome will be the birth weight centile (z score). Secondary outcomes include maternal and neonatal outcomes, body composition scores, patient satisfaction and infant development at 2 years. The relation between FTO gene variants and pregnancy outcomes will be examined. Parametric and non-parametric tests will be used as appropriate. This is a multicentre trial to be undertaken in 7 centres in the UK over a period of 3 years in order to reach the required sample size. Mr Hassan Shehata, Clinical lead and Consultant Obstetrician and Gynecologist is the Chief Investigator of the trial and the trial will be centrally coordinated by Dr Jyoti Balani at Epsom and St Helier University Hospital. In the first phase of the research, we would be recruiting a total of 546 pregnant women into the trial. 200 women would be recruited at Epsom and St Helier Hospital, 200 women at kings college Hospital under the supervision of Professor Kypros Nicolaides and 146 at Royal Surrey County Hospital under the supervision of Dr Lesley Roberts. Given the low cost of metformin and the potentially high impact on health for both mother and baby, we anticipate the study will show metformin to be highly cost-effective. We anticipate improved patient satisfaction scores in those taking metformin as they gain less weight and develop fewer complications. Improvements in the metabolic milieu during interuterine growth is expected to improve long term outcome for the infants of mothers treated with metformin. Benefits to patients will be immediate from the time the project's findings are presented. Implementation into clinical practice is expected to greatly benefit the NHS. Inclusion Criteria: * Obese pregnant women with BMI\>35 * Informed written consent Exclusion Criteria: * Diabetes at booking * Presence of contra-indication to metformin(renal, liver, heart failure) * moving out of study area for pregnancy management * Participants who suffer with hyperemesis * Participants who are 18 years and below * Participants with significantly raised creatinine * Participants with high alcohol intake
Scoring System in Predicting Perforated Duodenal Ulcer Morbidity and Mortality in Bpkihs Scoring System in Predicting Perforated Duodenal Ulcer Morbidity and Mortality in Bpkihs Different scoring systems were developed for risk prediction and adjustment of morbidity from perforated duodenal ulcer. However, these scoring systems are not routinely used in perforated duodenal ulcer patient in everyday clinical practice. Identification of patient with a high risk of adverse outcomes following surgery is important for clinical decision-making which can assist in risk stratification and triage e.g. timing and extent of pre-operative respiratory and circulatory stabilization, postoperative admission to a high dependency unit (HDU), the level and extent of monitoring, and inclusion in specific perioperative care protocols. Few studies assessed and compared the accuracy indices of PULP with BOEY and ASA in predicting post PPU repair 30-day morbidity Further, the efficacy must be verified in individual settings like ours. So we wish to assess its efficacy in BPKIHS-a tertiary referral center of eastern Nepal. Perforated peptic ulcer disease (PPU) is an important indication for emergency surgery, complicating 2%-10% of peptic ulcer disease. In the context of modern peptic ulcer therapy, the incidence of PPU has been declining over the past two decades, but mortality has not followed a commensurate decline, in spite of advances in operative strategy and perioperative care. Omental patch repair of duodenal ulcer perforation is both simpler than and as effective as definitive ulcer surgery in the emergency situation. However,mortality due to ulcer perforation treated by simple closure and/or other methods is still around 10%. Factors reported to affect mortality in duodenal ulcer perforations in other series are old age, co-morbidity, preoperative hypotension, large size of the perforation, delay in presentation, and, delay in operation . Several scoring systems have been proposed for the predictions of 30-day morbidity and mortality of perforated peptic ulcer (PPU) in order to risk stratify patients subject to their anticipated complications, and accordingly direct the required attention to high-risk patients. Scoring systems most commonly used include ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists), Boey and peptic ulcer perforation score (PULP). Each comprises 3-11 demographic, clinical and biochemical variables that consider only pre-operative, or include pre/intra -operative and laboratory findings. Clinical scoring systems need good diagnostic accuracy in order to risk stratify patients correctly. Inclusion Criteria: * All patient with perforated duodenal ulcer managed surgically Exclusion Criteria: * Perforated other organs eg: gastric ulcer or intestinal perforation Incomplete data available in database
Clinical Study With Blinatumomab in Patients With Relapsed/Refractory B-precursor Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) An Open Label, Multicenter, Phase II Study to Evaluate Efficacy and Safety of the BiTE® Antibody Blinatumomab in Adult Patients With Relapsed/Refractory B-precursor Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) The purpose of this study is to confirm whether the bispecific T cell engager antibody blinatumomab (MT103) is effective and safe in the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL). Relapsed/refractory B-precursor ALL in adult patients is an aggressive malignant disease with dismal prognosis. Several studies have reported long term survival to be below 10%. Major prognostic factors are duration of first complete remission (CR1) and age. With current salvage chemotherapy, complete remission (CR) rate is low (20 to 30%) in patients in first salvage with short duration (\< one year) of first remission, patients relapsed after first salvage, or patients aged 60 years and older. Duration of CR is usually very short (median disease free survival \[DFS\]: 2.0-7.5 months). Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) may provide a curative treatment option for patients in CR with a satisfactory donor and appropriate clinical status including age, organ function, and remission status. Allogeneic HSCT is not an option in most elderly patients with relapsed ALL. Additional therapeutic approaches are urgently needed. Blinatumomab is a bispecific single-chain antibody derivative against CD (cluster of differentiation)19 and CD3, designed to link B cells and T cells resulting in T cell activation and a cytotoxic T cell response against CD19-expressing cells. In vitro data indicate CD19+ lymphoma and leukemia cell lines to be extremely sensitive to blinatumomab-mediated cytotoxicity. Blinatumomab has the potential to provide meaningful therapeutic benefits to patients compared with existing treatments for this patient population. This study consists of a screening period, a treatment period and a follow-up period. Participants receive one to five treatment cycles of blinatumomab at a target dose of 28 μg/day. In the first cycle, the initial dose is 9 μg/day for the first seven days of treatment, escalated to 28 μg/day starting from Week 2 of treatment. Participants who achieve remission within two cycles of treatment can receive up to three additional cycles of consolidation treatment or proceed to allogeneic HSCT. In the event of progression or relapse within the treatment period, treatment will be terminated. Participants with hematological relapse during the efficacy or safety follow-up period may receive up to three additional cycles of blinatumomab (retreatment) for a maximal total of eight cycles at the investigator´s discretion. Thirty days after end of the last treatment, participants have an end-of-core-study visit. Following this, there are efficacy follow-up visits at 3, 6, 9, 12, 18 and 24 months at the most after treatment start. Once efficacy follow-up is complete, information on survival collected at least every six months until death or at least until three years after treatment start, whichever occurs earlier (survival follow-up). Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)-negative B-precursor ALL, with any of the following: * relapsed or refractory with first remission duration less than or equal to 12 months in first salvage or * relapsed or refractory after first salvage therapy or * relapsed or refractory within 12 months of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) * 10% or more blasts in bone marrow * In case of clinical signs of additional extramedullary disease: measurable disease * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status ≤ 2 * Age ≥ 18 years Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with Ph-positive ALL * Patients with Burkitt's Leukemia according to World Health organization (WHO) classification * History or presence of clinically relevant central nervous system (CNS) pathology * Active ALL in the CNS or testes * Current autoimmune disease or history of autoimmune disease with potential CNS involvement * Autologous HSCT within six weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Allogeneic HSCT within three months prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Any active acute graft versus-host disease (GvHD), or active chronic GvHD Grade 2 - 4 * Any systemic therapy against GvHD within two weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Cancer chemotherapy within two weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Radiotherapy within two weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Immunotherapy (e.g., rituximab) within four weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treat-ment * Any investigational anti-leukemic product within four weeks prior to start of blinatumomab treatment * Treatment with any other investigational medicinal product (IMP) after signature of informed consent * Eligibility for allogeneic HSCT at the time of enrollment * Known hypersensitivity to immunoglobulins or to any other component of the IMP formulation * Abnormal laboratory values indicative of inadequate renal or liver function * History of malignancy requiring treatment other than ALL within five years prior to start of blinatumomab treatment with the exception of basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, or carcinoma "in situ" of the cervix * Any concurrent disease or medical condition that is deemed to interfere with the conduct of the study * Infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or chronic infection with hepatitis B virus or hepatitis C virus * Pregnant or nursing women * Women of childbearing potential not willing to use an effective form of contraception. Male patients not willing to ensure not to beget a child * Previous treatment with blinatumomab
Study on Pharmacodynamic Parameter and Tolerability With Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Grass Pollen Allergic Patients A Multicentre Randomised Phase II Clinical Trial to Demonstrate Equivalent Pharmacodynamic Efficacy and Tolerability of Two Updosing Schedules for ALK-Flex SQ The aim of this study is to test the pharmacodynamic equivalence with respect to IgE-blocking factor and to compare the tolerability of two different updosing schedules with ALK-Flex SQ Inclusion Criteria: * A clinical history of grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis of two years or more requiring treatment during the grass pollen season * Lack of adequate relief with symptomatic medication during the previous grass pollen season * Positive Skin Prick Test (SPT) response to Phleum pratense (wheal diameter \>= 3mm) currently performed or not older than 60 days before screening Exclusion Criteria: * FEV1 \< 70% of predicted value at screening * Bronchial asthma corresponding to GINA step 3 or more, even if controlled * History of asthma exacerbation or emergency visit or admission for asthma in the previous 12 months * Previous treatment by immunotherapy with grass pollen allergen or any other allergen within the previous 5 years * Exclusion criteria in accordance with contraindications in the SPC of ALK-Flex SQ
Alcohol and Atherosclerosis Pilot Study Alcohol and Atherosclerosis Pilot Study We propose a pilot study to determine the feasibility of a long-term clinical trial of alcohol intake on atherosclerosis, the first step in determining whether moderate drinking prevents cardiovascular disease and hence in understanding the full health effects of alcohol across the population. We will randomize 40 participants aged 55 and older to a six-month period of consumption of 1 glass per day of either pure alcohol (diluted to the strength of wine) or water. At baseline and after 6 months, we will measure several standard and novel cardiovascular risk markers in the blood and will perform magnetic resonance imaging to measure atherosclerosis of the aorta. The feasibility of a long-term randomized trial of alcohol intake on clinical endpoints is uncertain. One approach that could minimize the size and duration of such a randomized trial would be to assess the effect of alcohol on progression of radiologically-defined atherosclerosis. We propose a proof-of-principle pilot study of the effect of longer-term alcohol intake on atherosclerosis. We will recruit and randomize 40 participants aged 55 and older at high risk for CHD to a six-month period of consumption of a single 150 ml glass per day of either 10% ethanol (approximating wine) or water. At baseline and after 6 months, we will assess aortic atherosclerosis using magnetic resonance imaging. We will determine adherence in several ways, including serum markers, dietary recalls, and measurement of unused beverage. The primary outcomes in this feasibility study will be compliance with alcohol intake and the two MRI examinations. As secondary outcomes, we will measure standard and novel cardiovascular risk markers, including inflammatory markers and measures of glucose metabolism. We will assess safety on a continual basis, including repeated testing of liver enzymes and blood counts. If successful, this pilot study will form the basis for a more definitive trial to determine the effect of alcohol intake on progression of atherosclerosis, which could itself establish the feasibility of even larger, longer-term studies of alcohol intake and occurrence of cardiovascular events. Inclusion Criteria: * Diabetes * Current Smoking * Hypertension * Family history of heart disease * High LDL Cholesterol (\>130 mg/dl) * Low HDL CHolesterol (\<40 mg/dl) * Body Mass Index of 30 kg/m\^2 * Waist circumference greater than 40 inches for men and 35 inches for women * Report intake of at least one drink in the last month * Post-menopause (if woman) Exclusion Criteria: * History of myocardial infarction (MI)/ heart attack within prior 6 months. * Revascularization procedure (coronary, carotid, or peripheral) * Stroke * Claustrophobia * Intolerance to previous MRI examinations * Standard MRI contraindications (e.g. pacemaker, intra-auricular implants, or intracranial clips) * Weight over 350 pounds * Active atrial fibrillation * Reports intake of more than 7 drinks per week currently, has previous or current history of alcohol abuse based on standard questionnaires, or who has consumed more than 4 drinks in one day within the last 6 months. * Intolerance or allergy to alcohol consumption (includes flushing) * Allergy to aspartame, acesulfame, or artificial food coloring * Any severe illness expected to cause death or profound disability within 6 months * Evidence of depression (as measured based on a Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression score of 16 or higher) * History of chronic liver disease * Personal history of breast or any gastrointestinal cancer, uncontrolled hypertension (blood pressure greater than or equal to 180/110) * Chronic renal failure on dialysis * Current use of Metronidazole or Warfarin * Use of benzodiazepines, barbiturates, and related sedative/ hypnotics 4 or more days per week. * Severe psychiatric illness * Inability to speak English * Lack of a working telephone
A Study of TAS-114 in Combination With S-1 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors A Phase 1 Study of TAS-114 in Combination With S-1 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors This is a phase 1 study of TAS-114 in combination with S-1 in patients with advanced solid tumors. This is a phase 1, open-label, non-randomized, dose-escalating safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic study of TAS-114 in combination with S-1 in patients with advanced solid tumors. Inclusion Criteria: * Life expectancy of at least 3 months * Histological or cytological documentation of advanced solid tumors * ECOG Performance Status of ≤ 1 (ECOG: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) * Adequate bone marrow, liver and renal function * Women of childbearing potential and men must agree to use adequate contraception
A Study of Tarceva (Erlotinib) in Patients With Locally Advanced, Metastatic or Recurrent Non-Small Cell Cancer Who Present Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Mutations Phase II, Open-label Study of Erlotinib (Tarceva®) Treatment in Patients With Locally Advanced, Metastatic or Recurrent Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Who Present Activating Mutations in the Tyrosine Kinase Domain of the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor This open-label study will assess the efficacy and safety of Tarceva (Erlotinib) in patients with locally advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer who have not received previous chemotherapy for their disease and who present epidermal growth factor receptor mutations. Patients will receive Tarceva 150 mg orally daily until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity occurs. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients, \>/= 18 years of age * Locally advanced (Stage IIIB), metastatic (Stage IV) or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer with mutations in the tyrosine kinase domain of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) * At least one measurable lesion according to RECIST criteria * European Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0-2 * Adequate hematological, liver and renal function * Patients with stable cerebral metastases who have received surgical or radiotherapy will be eligible Exclusion Criteria: * Previous chemotherapy or therapy against EGFR for metastatic disease (neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy after radical surgery is allowed if finalized \>/= 6 months before entering the study) * History of another neoplasm except for carcinoma in situ of the cervix, adequately treated basal cell skin carcinoma, radically treated prostate carcinoma with good prognosis (Gleason \</= 6), or another curatively treated neoplasm without evidence of disease in the last 5 years * Symptomatic cerebral metastases * Any significant ophthalmologic abnormality * Use of coumarins * Pregnant or breast-feeding women * Pre-existing parenchymal lung disease such as pulmonary fibrosis, lymphangiosis and carcinomatosis (if this is the only presence of the disease)
Vibration Therapy in Wheelchair Basketball Players Effects of Vibration Therapy on Muscle Soreness and Athletic Performance in Wheelchair Basketball Players No study was found that investigated the effect of vibration therapy (VT) on recovery from exercise in WCB players. Therefore, the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of wearable local vibration device on muscle soreness and athletic performance during recovery from exercise in the elbow area in WCB players. Vibration therapy (VT) has been widely used to increase performance and rehabilitate injuries in athletes. Delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS), caused by excessive overload after training and competitions, leads to loss of performance. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of wearable local VT on muscle soreness and athletic performance in wheelchair basketball (WCB) players. Inclusion Criteria: * Being a wheelchair basketball players Exclusion Criteria: * Having had an upper extremity operation within the last 6 months
Setting up a COVID-19 Care Facility at a Prison in Pakistan Setting up a COVID-19 Care Facility at a Prison in Pakistan Presenting outline of the steps taken by our team to set up a Covid Care facility within the Prison setting. The facility was set up at Camp Jail (Lahore District Jail) located on Ferozpur Road, Lahore. A prisoner brought to Camp Jail developed symptoms of and later tested positive for COVID-19. This lead to almost 527 contacts. An outbreak was expected. To manage the situation , a COVID-19 Care Facility was established within the prison. The study describes the steps taken by the team to set up this facility. Inclusion Criteria: - All COVID-19 positive prisoners within the Camp Jail Exclusion Criteria: * Any patient being shifted to any other facility (except designated)
Efficacy of Electric Fans for Mitigating Thermal Strain in Older Adults During Heat Waves Evaluating the Efficacy of Pedestal Fans for Limiting Heat Strain in Elderly Adults During Extreme Heat Events With the increasing regularity and intensity of hot weather and heat waves, there is an urgent need to develop heat-alleviation strategies able to provide targeted protection for heat-vulnerable older adults. While air-conditioning provides the most effective protection from extreme heat, it is inaccessible for many individuals. Air-conditioning is also energy intensive, which can strain the electrical grid and, depending on the source of electricity generation, contribute to increasing green house gas emissions. For these reasons, recent guidance has advocated the use of electric fans as a simple and sustainable alternative to air-conditioning. To date, however, only one study has assessed the efficacy of fan use in older adults and demonstrated that fans accelerate increases in body temperature and heart rate in a short-duration (\~2 hours) resting exposure to 42°C with increasing ambient humidity from 30-70%. While subsequent modelling has suggested that fans can improve heat loss via sweat evaporation in healthy older adults at air temperatures up to 38°C, there is currently no empirical data to support these claims. Further, that work assumed older adults were seated in front of a pedestal fan generating an airflow of 3·5-4·5 m/s at the front of the body. This airflow cannot be attained by most marketed pedestal fans. Studies are therefore needed to evaluate the efficacy of fans for preventing hyperthermia and the associated physiological burden in older adults in air temperatures below 38°C and determine whether the cooling effect of fans, if any, is evident at lower rates of airflow. To address these knowledge gaps, this randomized crossover trial will evaluate body core temperature, cardiovascular strain, dehydration, and thermal comfort in adults aged 65-85 years exposed for 8 hours to conditions experienced during hot weather and heat waves in North America simulated using a climate chamber (36°C, 45% relative humidity). Each participant will complete three randomized exposures that will differ only in the airflow generated at the front of the body via an electric pedestal fan: no airflow (control), low airflow (\~2 m/s), and high airflow (\~4 m/s). While participants will spend most of the 8-hour exposure seated in front of the fan, they will also complete 4 x 10 min periods of 'activities of daily living' (\~2-2.5 METS, light stepping) at \~2 hour intervals to more accurately reflect activity patterns in the home. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female adults. * Aged 65-85 years. * Non-smoking. * English or French speaking. * Ability to provide informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Physical restriction (e.g., due to disease: intermittent claudication, renal impairment, active proliferative retinopathy, unstable cardiac or pulmonary disease, disabling stroke, severe arthritis, etc.). * Use of or changes in medication judged by the patient or investigators to make participation in this study inadvisable (e.g., medications increasing risk of heat-related illness; beta blockers, anticholinergics, etc.) * Cardiac abnormalities identified via 12-lead ECG during an incremental exercise test to volitional fatigue (performed for all participants). * Peak aerobic capacity (VO2peak), as measured during an incremental exercise test to volitional fatigue, exceeding the 50th percentile of age- and sex-specific normative values published by the American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM).
A Pilot Trial of AC (Adriamycin, Cyclophosphamide) Chemotherapy With G-CSF (Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor) Followed by Infusional Taxol (Paclitaxel) as Adjuvant Treatment for High Risk Stage II and Stage III Breast Cancer Patients A Pilot Trial of AC (Adriamycin, Cyclophosphamide) Chemotherapy With G-CSF (Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor) Followed by Infusional Taxol (Paclitaxel) as Adjuvant Treatment for High Risk Stage II and Stage III Breast Cancer Patients This is a pilot feasibility trial of AC (Adriamycin, cyclophosphamide) chemotherapy with G-CSF (filgrastim) followed by infusional Taxol (paclitaxel) as adjuvant treatment for patients with high risk stage II and stage III breast cancer. Cycles will be 14 days in duration. After 3 fourteen day cycles of AC with filgrastim, patients will be treated with 3 fourteen day cycles of 96 hour infusional paclitaxel. The goal of this study will be to assess the toxicity and feasibility of administering dose-intensive AC chemotherapy followed by infusional paclitaxel in 14 day cycles. This is a pilot feasibility trial of AC (Adriamycin® (Registered Trademark), cyclophosphamide) chemotherapy with G-CSF (filgrastim) followed by infusional Taxol® (Registered Trademark) (paclitaxel) as adjuvant treatment for patients with high risk stage II and stage III breast cancer. Cycles will be 14 days in duration. After 3 fourteen day cycles of AC with filgrastim, patients will be treated with 3 fourteen day cycles of 96 hour infusional paclitaxel. The goal of this study will be to assess the toxicity and feasibility of administering dose-intensive AC chemotherapy followed by infusional paclitaxel in 14 day cycles. Recently diagnosed patients with histologically proven Stage II breast cancer who have 4 or more positive lymph nodes or patients with stage III breast cancer are eligible for this study. Patients will be eligible for study either before or after receiving adjuvant radiation therapy. Patients with stage III disease will be eligible to receive this regimen as neo-adjuvant chemotherapy or as adjuvant therapy if surgery was performed prior to patient referral. Patients must be previously untreated with chemotherapy. There must be no history of previous malignancy except for cured non-melanoma skin cancer (basal or squamous cell carcinoma), cervical cancer in situ, or a past malignancy that has been inactive for over 5 years. Patients with a prior history of lower stage contralateral breast cancer, treated with surgery, and/or radiation, but not chemotherapy, are eligible for this study. Performance status (Karnofsky scale) must be greater than 70; ECOG 0 to 2. Absolute granulocyte count greater than 1500 per microliter and platelet count greater than 100,000 per mm(3). Liver function tests (SGOT, and total bilirubin) should be less than 2X upper limits of normal. Serum creatinine should be less than 1.7 or creatinine clearance should be greater than 45 ml per min. The patient must be able to give an informed consent, and to return to NCI for treatment and adequate follow-up for the period the protocol requires. Patients must be greater than or equal to 18 years of age. Patients and/or their partners must be willing to practice a non-hormonal method of contraception during therapy and for 6 months following therapy. Patients who are poor medical or psychiatric risks because of nonmalignant systemic disease which would preclude them from being subjected to any treatments in this protocol are excluded. Patients must have a normal ejection fraction by MUGA scan and have no angina. Patients should not currently require therapy for cardiac arrhythmias, congestive heart failure, or coronary artery disease. No patients with a history of symptomatic CNS disease. No patients with allergy to any study medication. No pregnant or lactating women. Patients with bleeding disorders are ineligible for study entry as are patients requiring chronic anticoagulation.
Internet-based CBT After Stroke Pilot Internet-based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to Reduce Depressive Symptoms After Stroke Pilot/Feasibility Study Mood disorders occur in 25-30% of stroke patients and are associated with lower quality of life, higher mortality, increased healthcare utilization, and higher costs. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) interventions have been shown to both treat and prevent post-stroke mood disorders, thus having the ability to improve quality of life and reduce costs. This study aims to test the feasibility of internet-based CBT combined with a telephone/email based coaching service after stroke. Inclusion Criteria: * Age ≥18 years of age * Acute ischemic stroke within the past 3 months * Regular access to the internet, sufficient to allow a minimum of interactions with the internet daily, either through a personal smartphone or web-based internet browser. * Subject is willing and able to participate in internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy * Can participate in the program in English * Willingness and ability to sign informed consent by the patient * Symptoms of mild to moderately depressed mood, defined as a score of 5-19 on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 at the time of study enrollment. Exclusion Criteria: * Severely depressed patients, defined by a score of 20+ on the Patient Health Questionnare-9 are excluded * Patients with an active bipolar disorder diagnosis are excluded * Patients with personality disorder diagnoses are excluded * Patients with active suicidality or past suicide attempts are excluded * History of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder * Active participation in face-to-face psychotherapy prior to stroke * Patients with a history of dementia are excluded * Patients with aphasia, defined as a score of 1 or greater on NIH Stroke Scale Item 9 are excluded. * Patients without regular internet access through a computer, tablet or smartphone are excluded. * Subjects requiring long-term inpatient nursing care are excluded. For patients enrolled as inpatients, individuals being discharged to both home and acute rehab are eligible. Individuals being discharged to a skilled nursing facility or hospice are excluded. * Expected life expectancy less than 6 months or other inability to comply with study follow-up. * Pregnant women and prisoners are excluded
Evaluation the Association of Microbiome Between Respiratory Tract Samples and Stool Samples in Pneumonic Patients Accompanied by Respiratory Failure Department of Critical Care Medicine, Taichung Veterans General Hospital A prospective observational study. Enrolled participants admitted to ICU due to pneumonia and respiratory failure need mechanical ventilator support. Investigators collected the residual specimens, such as sputum from endotrachea aspiration, bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in those participants as the usual care in the ICU. Those residual samples were sent to extract RNA and sequence by using high-throughput sequencing (next-generation sequencing) method. Investigators will compared the microbiome feature between lower respiratory tract and stool specimens in those participants diagnosed as pneumonia with respiratory failure. Inclusion Criteria: * Adults aged than 40 years old * Diagnosed as pneumonia * Respiratory failure with mechanical ventilator support Exclusion Criteria: * Less than 40 years old * Has been treated with antibiotics more than 7 days within two weeks before enrolling into study * Suspected or active pulmonary tuberculosis infection
SPIRIVA in Ususal Care A Randomised, Double-blind, Parallel Group, 12 Week Study, Comparing the Effect of Once Daily Tiotropium Lactose Capsule With Placebo in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), naïve to Anticholinergic Agents in Addition to Receiving Their Usual COPD Care The objective of the study is to determine the effect on lung function when either SPIRIVA once daily or placebo once daily is added to the usual therapy (care) of COPD patients naïve to anticholinergic agents managed in primary care. Previous studies have been in both hospital in and outpatients, with washout of some respiratory medications, this is the first study to be conducted in General Practice, the drug's anticipated environment. Data from this study, including the adverse event monitoring, and post study findings on physical examination, will be used to extend the safety database. Health Resource Utilisation (HRU) data will be recorded to be use with data from other sources for economic analysis of COPD treatment. Anticholinergic drugs are currently indicated for all severities of COPD, due to the dominance of cholinergic tone in the pathological process of the disease. SPIRIVA is a new long acting anticholinergic, which has showed the benefits of improved lung function, dyspnoea, health status and less exacerbations compared to ipratropium, salmeterol and placebo in secondary care (hospital setting). The study will determine if the same effect is seen on the on lung function and dyspnoea when either SPIRIVA or placebo is added to the usual therapy /care of COPD patients naïve to anticholinergic agents managed in primary care. The one year placebo and active controlled studies have confirmed efficacy and safety. No evidence of tolerance to the bronchodilator effects of tiotropium has been seen. Consistent improvements of health outcomes were also demonstrated. In the one-year studies, statistically significantly fewer patients in the tiotropium groups experienced exacerbations, or were hospitalised for exacerbations. Additionally, time to first exacerbation was increased. This suggests that moderate and severe exacerbations are reduced in-patients treated with tiotropium. The mechanism underlying this is not known, but may be associated with sustained airway opening. The study will involve five visits to the GP surgery over a period of 14 weeks. Patient will attend for an initial visit to have the study information given to them and obtain their written consent. At the subsequent screening visit a physical examination including ECG together with an assessment of lung function will be performed. Once eligibility to the study is confirmed, and after completion of a 14 day 'run-in' period, patients will start treatment with a daily inhalation from the HandiHaler device of either SPIRIVA or placebo, this in addition to their usual COPD therapy. Throughout the 12 week treatment period, patients will be required to inhale their study treatment medication (each morning) and complete a diary card. Patients will be required to return to the surgery after 2 and 6 weeks, with the final visit at 12 weeks for lung function testing, assessment of symptoms using the Oxygen Cost Diagram (OCD), Health Resources Utilisation (HRU) and any adverse events. On completion of the 12 week treatment period, a full physical examination will be repeated. Adverse event monitoring including COPD exacerbations will take place throughout the study. Study Hypothesis: Based on previous studies on COPD patients who were not on long acting beta agonists (LABAs), the standard deviation (SD) for trough FEV1 was 215 ml and an effect of 130 ml was seen on mean trough FEV1 with tiotropium. It is assumed that 20% of primary care managed COPD patients will be using LABAs as part of their usual care. The effect of tiotropium on mean trough FEV1 in the study population is expected to be lower than the 130 ml seen in previous studies. Placebo is not expected to have any effect on mean trough FEV1. Assuming an SD of 235ml, a total of 348 patients (174 per group) is adequate to detect a difference of 100 ml in mean trough FEV1 response between treatments with at the least 95% power at the 2.5% level of significance (one-sided) using a two group t-test. To be considered complete, a patient must complete all primary efficacy data for all study visits as specified in the protocol without violations of the protocol so significant as to obscure the response to treatment. Comparison(s): Usual care for COPD Inclusion Criteria: * Prior to participation in the study all patients must sign and date an informed consent consistent with ICH-GCP guidelines. * Male or female patients 40 years of age or older. * Patients with a diagnosis of COPD according to BTS criteria..A stable disease state with airway obstruction of FEV1 between 30- 65% of predicted normal value and FEV1 /FVC\<70% pre bronchodilators. * Predicted normal values will be calculated according to ECCS: * For height measured in metres * Males: FEV1 predicted (L) = 4.30 X (Ht in mts) - 0.029 X (Age in yrs) - 2.49 * Females:FEV1 predicted (L) = 3.95 X (Ht in mts) - 0.025 X (Age in yrs) - 2.60 * For height measured in inches * Males: FEV1 predicted (L) = 4.30 X (Ht in inches/39.37) - 0.029 X (Age in yrs) - 2.49 * Females:FEV1 predicted (L) = 3.95 X (Ht in inches/39.37) - 0.025 X (Age in yrs) - 2.60 * Maintained on a stable respiratory medication for 4 weeks prior to visit 1 (no changes in respiratory medication oral dosage). * Currently taking salbutamol or terbutaline MDI or DPI. * Patient must be able to inhale medication through the HandiHaler? * Patients must be able to perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests in accordance with ATS criteria and must be able to maintain records (Patient Daily Record) during the study period as required in the protocol. * Patients must be current or ex-smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years. * Pack Years = Number of cigarettes/day 20 (Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded.) NOTE: An exacerbation of COPD requiring treatment occurring within the four week period prior to screening visit 1 will mean that screening should be postponed for at least four weeks. Therefore, the patient should have duration of at least 4 weeks free of exacerbations. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with significant diseases, other than COPD will be excluded. A significant disease is defined as a disease which in the opinion of the investigator may either put the patient at risk because of participation in the study or a disease which may influence the results of the study or the patient's ability to participate in the study. * Patients who have taken inhaled anticholinergics in the previous 12 months. Patients that have been treated with inhaled anticholinergics (via nebuliser or metered dose inhaler) due to an exacerbation for a time period no longer than 7 days may be included. * Patients with an upper respiratory tract infection or exacerbation of COPD requiring treatment in the four weeks prior to the screening visit (visit 1) or during the two-week run-in period. Patients with a recent history (i.e., six months or less) of myocardial infarction. * Any unstable or life threatening cardiac arrhythmia requiring intervention or a change in drug therapy within the last year. * Patients with known active tuberculosis. * Patients who have a history of thoracotomy with pulmonary resection or have planned lung transplantation or lung volume reduction surgery. * Patients with a history of asthma, cystic fibrosis, bronchiectasis, interstitial lung disease or pulmonary thromboembolic disease. * Patients who are being treated with antihistamines (H1 receptor antagonists) for asthma or excluded allergic conditions. * Patients with a history of cancer in the last five years; Basal cell tumours or patients whose length of time in remission is greater than five years can be included. * Patient with known hypersensitivity to atropine, and other anticholinergic drugs or lactose or any previous adverse reaction to anticholinergic drugs that resulted in withdrawal of the anticholinergic compound. * Patients using oral corticosteroid medication at unstable doses (i.e. Patients have been on a stable dose for less than 6 weeks prior to randomisation) or at doses in excess of the equivalent of 10mg o
The Effect of Food Stimuli on the Calorie Restriction Response in Healthy Subjects The Effect of Food Stimuli on the Calorie Restriction Response in Healthy Subjects Calorie restriction extends life span and prevents aging-related diseases in several species. Odorants from live yeast restrain the beneficial effects of calorie restriction in Drosophila Melanogaster. The investigators hypothesize that visual and odorous food stimuli impact the neuroendocrine and metabolic response to starvation in healthy humans. In this randomized cross-over intervention study 12 healthy, young men will fast twice for 60-hours in the presence or absence of food-related visual and odorous stimuli. At baseline and on the last morning of each intervention an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) will be performed. During the OGTT blood is sampled and hypothalamic neuronal activity is measured by functional MRI. Inclusion Criteria: * Caucasian male volunteers * Age \> 18 years and \< 70 years * Body mass index (BMI) \> 20 kg/m2 and \< 25 kg/m2 * Fasting serum glucose (FSG) \< 6.1 mmol/L Exclusion Criteria: * Any significant chronic of hereditary disease (including renal, hepatic or endocrine disease) * Any significant abnormal laboratory results found during the medical screening procedure * Any use of medication (except for NSAID) * Anosmia or any other (acquired) loss of olfaction (ea. rhinitis) * Recent weight changes or attempts to loose weight (\> 3 kg weight gain or loss, within the last 3 months) * Difficulties to insert an intravenous catheter * Smoking * MRI contraindications * Recent blood donation (within the last 3 months) * Recent participation in other research projects (within the last 3 months), participation in 2 or more projects in one year
Influence of Inspiratory Flow Pattern on Exchange of Carbon Dioxide in Humans Without Primary Lung Disease Influence of Inspiratory Flow Pattern on Exchange of Carbon Dioxide in Humans Without Primary Lung Disease The purpose of this study is to investigate how inspiratory flow pattern influences CO2 elimination in people without primary lung disease. The hypothesis is that a long mean distribution time, caused by a long postinspiratory pause and high end-inspiratory flow, will promote CO2 exchange in the alveoli. Inclusion Criteria: * No known primary lung disease Exclusion Criteria: * Primary lung disease
Analgesic Efficacy and Safety Study of T-62 in Subjects With Postherpetic Neuralgia A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel, Placebo-Controlled, Pilot Analgesic Efficacy and Safety Study of T-62 in Subjects With Postherpetic Neuralgia The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of T-62 in subjects with postherpetic neuralgia. Study K862-08-2002 is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study assessing the analgesic efficacy and safety of T-62 in subjects with postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) and its associated pain. Up to 20 centers in the United States will participate in the trial. Two doses of T-62 and placebo will be evaluated in parallel design. Approximately 130 subjects will be enrolled to complete approximately 100 subjects. Each subject will complete a 7-day Screening Period , a 28-day Treatment Period, and a 14-day Post-Treatment Period. Each subject will complete 8 clinic visits over the course of the study during which procedures and assessments of safety, efficacy, and protocol compliance will be performed. Inclusion criteria (additional criteria apply): 1. Diagnosis of PHN made by primary treating physician and is experiencing pain for at least 3 months after the healing of a herpes zoster rash. 2. Subject is in general good health. 3. Females must be non-pregnant, non-lactating, and practicing an acceptable method of birth control or be surgically sterile or post-menopausal. Double barrier methods and abstinence are the only acceptable birth control methods for this study. Exclusion Criteria (additional criteria apply): 1. Subject has a current acute disease or unstable chronic disease other than post herpetic neuralgia. 2. Subject has a clinically important history of a medical disorder (particularly cardiovascular, neurological \[e.g., diabetic neuropathy\], respiratory, or hepato-biliary systems \[e.g., Gilbert Syndrome\]) that would confound and/or interfere with the safety and efficacy evaluations defined in the protocol. 3. Subject is being treated for a medical condition that affects cardiac conduction. 4. Subject's plasma alanine aminotransferase (ALT) aspartate aminotransferase (AST), total bilirubin, and alkaline phosphatase (AP) values are not within the normal reference ranges. 5. Subject has a history of asthma requiring management for reactive airway disease in the last year. 6. Subject uses and is unwilling/unable to discontinue use of (A) Lyrica® (pregabalin), Cymbalta® (duloxetine), Neurontin® (gabapentin), topical lidocaine, topical capsaicin, or other medication specifically indicated (i.e., labeled) for the treatment of neuropathic pain, or (B) anticonvulsant medications to control post herpetic neuralgia. 7. Subject currently requires anticonvulsant medications to control seizures.
The Effect of Probiotics on Microbial Translocation and Inflammation in HIV-infected Patients The Effect of Probiotics on Microbial Translocation and Inflammation in HIV-infected Patients Objective: In this study the investigators aim at investigating: 1. probiotics ability to modulate the microbiome and microbial translocation, 2. if probiotics affect the level of cholesterol, triglycerides as markers of cardiovascular risk factors and 3. if a reduction of microbial translocation is associated with a reduction of inflammation in the gastro-intestinal tract. Design: The study is a prospective clinical intervention trial of 40 HIV-infected patients. Method: The investigator will administer the bacteria Lactobacillus Rhamnosus in capsular form to each patient 2 times a day in 8 weeks. At baseline and at the 8th week of the intervention, the investigators will collect blood samples, feces samples and make a positron emission tomography-magnetic resonance scans. Inclusion Criteria: * age over 18 * confirmed HIV * no HIV treatment * cluster of differentiation 4+ cell count over 350 Exclusion Criteria: * antibiotic or probiotic in last 2 month * drugs that influence gut motility * diabetes * Inflammatory bowel disease * cancer * autoimmune diseases
Gum Acacia and Blood Glucose The Effect of Gum Acacia on Satiety, Glycemic Response and Gastrointestinal Tolerance This study will provide needed insight on the satiety and blood glucose and l effects of the soluble fiber gum acacia at 20g and 40g doses. This is a randomized, single-blind, crossover, intervention study testing the satiety and blood glucose effects of the soluble fiber gum acacia. Inclusion Criteria: BMI between 18 and 29 kg/m2 Exclusion Criteria: * distaste for bagels and cream cheese, orange juice or cheese pizza; * current smoker; * restrained eating habits; * recent weight change; * any history of disease or significant past medical history; * are vegetarian; * do not normally eat breakfast or lunch; * pregnant or lactating; * irregular menstrual cycles.
Trial Using Integuseal as Microbial Sealant for Arterial Bypass Surgery on Lower Extremities Prospective Randomised Trial Using Integuseal as Microbial Sealant for Arterial Bypass Surgery on Lower Extremities The purpose of this study is to prove a reduction of postoperative wound infections after direct preoperative use of a microbial sealant in the form of Integuseal for vascular procedures on lower extremities. Inclusion Criteria: * planned supragenual of infragenual peripheral arterial bypass procedures with autologue or prosthetic graft Exclusion Criteria: * secondary procedures and suprainguinal procedures
Autologous TAC T Cells Targeting CD19 in R/R Large B-Cell Lymphoma A Phase I/II Trial Investigating Safety and Efficacy of Autologous TAC T Cells Targeting CD19 in Relapsed or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma Phase I/II study to evaluate TAC01-CD19 in subjects with relapsed or refractory B-cell lymphomas. TAC technology is a novel way to genetically modify T cells and to redirect these T cells to target cancer antigens by co-opting the natural T cell receptor. The dose finding portion of this study will evaluate the safety and tolerability of increasing dose levels of TAC01-CD19 to identify a Maximal Tolerated Dose (MTD) or Recommended Phase II Dose (RP2D). The dose expansion portion of the study will further evaluate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of TAC01-CD19 at the RP2D. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically confirmed CD19+ Large B-Cell Lymphoma including Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified (including de novo and transformed lymphoma), Primary Mediastinal Large B-cell Lymphoma, High-Grade B-cell Lymphoma with MYC and BCL2 and/or BCL6 rearrangement per WHO 2016 classification. * Relapsed or refractory disease after greater than 2 lines of therapy including anthracycline and anti-CD20 therapy and either having failed autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) or being ineligible for ASCT. * ECOG 0-1. * Adequate organ function. Exclusion Criteria: * Prior treatment with any of the following: allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, gene therapy, adoptive cell transfer of any kind, including CAR T cells. * Active central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma involvement. * History or presence of clinically relevant CNS pathology. * Active inflammatory neurological disorders, autoimmune disease, or infections.
Use of an Oral Beta-2 Agonist in Persons With Spinal Cord Injury A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Parallel Group Trial to Determine the Effect of an Oral Beta-2 Agonist on Respiratory Muscle Strength in Spinal Cord Injury The primary purpose of this study is to determine the effect of administration of the oral beta-2 adrenergic agonist, albuterol, on respiratory muscle strength in individuals with cervical (neck) and high thoracic (upper back) spinal cord injury and to compare findings with those obtained in a demographically matched group that will receive placebo. Participation in this study will involve 12 weeks of pharmacological intervention during which participants will be randomized to receive either oral albuterol 4mg twice daily or placebo. All investigators and study participants will be blinded to randomization by our research pharmacy. Participation in the study will require study subjects to come to our lab for the total of 2 visits (at baseline and after week 12), during which a series of tests will be performed to assess their respiratory muscle strength and pulmonary function. Inclusion Criteria: * Chronic Spinal Cord Injury (\>1 year post-injury) * All American Spinal Injury Association (ASIA) classifications * High Paraplegia (level of injury T1-T6) * Tetraplegia (level of injury C2-C8, non-ventilator dependent) Exclusion Criteria: * history of asthma * uncontrolled hypertension or cardiovascular disease * those using beta-2 adrenergic agonists * epilepsy or seizure disorder * hyperthyroidism * chronic corticosteroid use * those taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors or Tricyclic antidepressants for depression * hypersensitivity to albuterol or any of its' delete components * pregnancy * use of ergogenic aids or supplements with anabolic characteristics including, but not limited to: * creatine monohydrate * anabolic steroids (e.g., testosterone) * growth hormone and their analogs and/or derivatives
A Study to Assess Effect of JNJ-54861911 on Pharmacokinetics of Cocktail Representatives for Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4, CYP2B6, CYP2C9, and CYP1A2 Substrates An Open-Label, Fixed-Sequence Study in Healthy Male Subjects to Assess the Drug Interaction Potential of Multiple-Doses of JNJ-54861911 With a Drug "Cocktail" Representative for CYP3A4, CYP2B6, CYP2C9, and CYP1A2 Substrates The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of single and multiple once daily doses of 50 milligram (mg) of JNJ-54861911 on pharmacokinetics (PK) (study of the way a drug enters and leaves the blood and tissues over time) of caffeine, midazolam, and tolbutamide in healthy male participants. This is a single-center, open-label (participants and researchers are aware about the treatment, participants are receiving), fixed-sequence study in healthy male participants. The study consists of 3 phases: Screening Phase (within 21 to 2 days prior to the first dose administration on Day 1), Open Label Treatment Phase (Day 1 up to Day 9), and Follow-up Phase (7 to 14 days after discharge from the study unit on Day 10 or at early withdrawal). The maximum duration of study will be 7 weeks per participant. During the Open-Label Treatment Phase, participants will receive JNJ-54861911, 50 mg (2\*25 mg tablets) orally once daily from Day 2 to Day 9 along with caffeine 100 mg (2\*50 mg tablets), midazolam 2 mg (1 milliliter \[mL\], 2 mg/mL solution), and tolbutamide 500 mg tablet, orally on Day 1, 2, and 9. Blood samples will be collected pre-dose (Day 1) up to Day 10 to understand the PK characteristics of midazolam, 1-hydroxy midazolam (midazolam metabolite), caffeine, paraxanthine (caffeine metabolite), tolbutamide, 4-hydroxytolbutamide and carboxytolbutamide (tolbutamide metabolites). In addition, a blood sample will be collected on Day -1 from all enrolled participants to study genetic factors that may influence the PK, safety, and/or tolerability of JNJ-54861911 and co-medications. Participants' safety will be monitored throughout the study. Inclusion Criteria: * Signed an informed consent document indicating they understand the purpose of and procedures required for the study, and are willing to participate in the study * Body mass index between 18 and 30 kilogram per square meter * Must be healthy on the basis of physical examination, medical history, vital signs, and 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) performed at Screening or admission (up to Day 1 pre-dose) * Man, who is sexually active with a woman of child-bearing potential and has not had a vasectomy, must agree to use an adequate contraception method as deemed appropriate by the Investigator, and must also agree to not donate sperm during the study and for 90 days after receiving the last dose of study drug * Participant must be healthy on the basis of clinical laboratory tests performed at Screening as per Investigator's judgment Exclusion Criteria: * History of or current liver or renal insufficiency, closed-angle glaucoma, significant cardiac, vascular, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, endocrine, neurologic, hematologic, rheumatologic, psychiatric, dermatological or metabolic disturbances * Known allergies, hypersensitivity, or intolerance to JNJ-54861911 or its excipients, sulfonamides, midazolam, caffeine or tolbutamide. * History of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antibody positive, or tests positive for HIV at Screening * History of drug or alcohol abuse according to current Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) criteria within 6 months before Screening or positive test result(s) for alcohol and/or drugs of abuse (including barbiturates, opiates, cocaine, cannabinoids, amphetamines, metamphetamines, benzodiazepines and cotinine) at Screening or admission * Smoking of cigarettes (or equivalent) and/or used nicotine based products within 3 months prior to study drug administration
Magrolimab Monotherapy or Magrolimab in Combination With Azacitidine in Participants With Hematological Malignancies A Phase 1b Trial of Magrolimab Monotherapy or Magrolimab in Combination With Azacitidine in Patients With Hematological Malignancies The primary objectives of this study are: * To confirm the safety and tolerability of magrolimab monotherapy in a relapsed/refractory (R/R) acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) population, and of magrolimab in combination with azacitidine in previously untreated participants with AML or MDS and participants with R/R AML and MDS * To evaluate the efficacy of magrolimab monotherapy in R/R AML/MDS, and of magrolimab in combination with azacitidine in previously untreated participants with AML/MDS, or R/R AML/MDS as measured by complete remission (CR) rate for participants with AML and higher-risk MDS, and duration of complete response for participants with AML and higher-risk MDS, and duration of CR for participants with AML and higher-risk MDS * To evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of magrolimab monotherapy or combination with azacitidine in low-risk MDS participants as measured by red blood cell (RBC) transfusion independence rate Key Inclusion Criteria: * Meets the criteria below for the appropriate cohort: * Relapsed/Refractory Cohorts: Pathologically confirmed relapsed or refractory (primary refractory and/or relapsed refractory) acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or confirmed intermediate, high, or very high risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) that is relapsed, refractory or intolerant to conventional therapy. * Treatment-naive/Unfit Cohorts: Previously untreated individuals with histological confirmation of AML who are ineligible for treatment with a standard cytarabine and anthracycline induction regimen; or previously untreated individuals with intermediate, high, or very high risk MDS. Prior and concurrent therapy with hydroxyurea, oral etoposide, erythroid and/or myeloid growth factors is allowed. * Rollover Cohort: Individuals on active magrolimab therapy on the Phase 1 AML (SCI-CD47-002; NCT02678338) trial who are deriving clinical benefit by Investigator assessment. * RBC transfusion dependent low risk MDS cohort: Transfusion-dependent MDS individuals who are very low or low risk by Revised International Prognostic Scoring System (IPSS-R) with previous treatment with an erythroid stimulating agent or lenalidomide. * White blood cell (WBC) count ≤ 20 x 10\^3/mcL * Adequate performance status and hematological, liver, and kidney function. Key Exclusion Criteria: * Prior treatment with cluster of differentiation 47 (CD47) or signal regulatory protein alpha (SIRPα) targeting agents (with exception of magrolimab for individuals in the Rollover cohort). * Treatment-naive/Unfit Cohorts Only: Any prior anti-leukemic therapy (excluding hydroxyurea or oral etoposide), prior treatment with hypomethylating agents and/or low dose cytarabine. * Acute promyelocytic leukemia. * Known inherited or acquired bleeding disorders. * Previous allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant within 6 months prior to enrollment, active graft versus host disease (GVHD), or requiring transplant-related immunosuppression. * Clinical suspicion of active central nervous system (CNS) involvement by leukemia. * Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection or HIV. * Pregnancy or active breastfeeding. Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
Multi-center, Open Label, Extension Study of ALN-VSP02 in Cancer Patients Who Have Responded to ALN-VSP02 Treatment A Multi-center, Open-Label, Extension Study of ALN-VSP02 in Cancer Patients Who Have Responded to ALN-VSP02 Treatment This study provides a mechanism for continued administration of ALN-VSP02 therapy to patients with cancer who completed participation in another ALN-VSP02 clinical study. The primary objective of this study is to collect long term safety data. Study ALN-VSP02 is an extension study for previously conducted ALN-VSP02 studies. The study is being conducted to allow for continued ALN-VSP02 therapy for patients who completed participation in an ALN-VSP02 clinical study, achieved clinical benefit with ALN-VSP02 (i.e., disease response of stable disease or better), and, in the Investigator's opinion, may benefit from continuation of ALN-VSP02 therapy. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patient has completed a previous ALN-VSP02 study, and is deemed to have stable disease or better. 2. Patient has an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status score of 0-1. 3. Patient has adequate hematologic, liver, and renal function. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patient is receiving full-dose (therapeutic) anticoagulation therapy and/or aspirin \> 325 mg/day or other platelet inhibitory agents. 2. Patient has clinically significant cardiovascular disease or uncontrolled serious cardiac arrhythmia. 3. Patient has clinically significant cerebrovascular disease. 4. Patient has a seizure disorder not controlled on medication.
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention The Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention (MITI) Study: Innovative Chronic Disease Management of Diabetes The purpose of this pilot study is to determine whether text message (and phone) communication can be effectively utilized to adjust long-acting insulin, compared to standard practice. The current practice of insulin titration for diabetics requires multiple in-person clinic visits, during which a patient's long-acting insulin dose is adjusted until the optimal dose to control glycemia is reached. Finding this optimal dose can take weeks in an ideal setting, but often takes much longer in a busy urban clinic such as Bellevue Hospital Center. Relaying titration instructions to patients via phone and text message has the potential to decrease the titration timeline, thus reducing the number of clinic visits and the time it takes patients to reach their target blood glucose levels. For this pilot project, study staff will recruit patients who are initiating long-acting insulin treatment or initiating the titration of their existing long acting insulin treatment at Bellevue Hospital Center's Adult Primary Care Center. Patients who volunteer to enroll and provide informed consent will be randomized to one of two arms (MITI or current best practice arm) at the time of enrollment and stratified by whether the patient is initiating insulin treatment or initiating the titration of his/her existing insulin dose. The study staff will provide a cell phone (for temporary use) to any patients who are randomized to the MITI arm and don't own a personal cell phone (or whose personal cell phone is not able to receive the Sense Health text messages). Patients will use the cell phone free of cost to participate in the intervention (receive Sense Health text messages, send their fasting blood glucose levels, and speak with the diabetes nurse and study staff.) Patients in the MITI arm will receive automated text messages 5 weekdays per week, for up to 12 weeks, from Sense Health. These text messages will request the patient's fasting blood glucose level. The patient will reply with his/her fasting blood glucose value, which will be logged in password-protected accounts on www.sensehealth.com. The clinic's diabetes nurses will check each patient's fasting blood glucose level on www.sensehealth.com each weekday and call any patient with fasting blood glucose values \< 80 mg/dL and \> 400 mg/dL. Each Thursday, patients will receive a phone call from a nurse, who will adjust the patient's insulin dose according to the study titration protocol. Each patient will continue to receive daily text messages and weekly phone calls until the first of three events occur: the patient reaches his/her optimal insulin dose for achieving glycemic control, 12 weeks elapse, or the patient withdraws from the study. Patients in the current best practice arm (CBP) will attend scheduled clinic appointments during which a provider will review the patient's fasting blood glucose log and titrate the insulin dose according to current best practice. Patients in both arms will continue receiving routine care, including HbA1c values every 3 months and other routine labs and measures as per standard of care. Inclusion Criteria: * Initiating long-acting insulin treatment or initiating the titration of long-acting insulin treatment * Speaks English or Spanish * Hemoglobin A1c \> or = 8% * Able and willing to inject insulin * Able and willing to provide informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Short-acting insulin treatment * Systemic glucocorticoids * Sustained elevated serum creatinine \> or = 1.5 mg/dL for men and \> or = 1.4 mg/dL for women * Hypoglycemia unawareness * Type 1 diabetes
Evaluation of the Measurement of Cardiac Output by the NEXFIN HD Monitor in Peroperative Evaluation of the Measurement of Cardiac Output by the NEXFIN HD Monitor in Peroperative Continuous perioperative cardiac output (DC) and blood pressure (PA) monitoring contributes to hemodynamic stability and ensures adequate perfusion pressure, resulting in a reduction in morbidity and mortality and length of hospital stay. The monitors usually used in perioperative are either semi-invasive and difficult for calibration (oesophageal Doppler) or invasive (arterial catheter). The Nexfin HD allows these two measurements and it is completely non-invasive, remains to validate its use in peroperative. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients candidate for surgery under general anesthesia requiring oesophageal Doppler or arterial catheter hemodynamic monitoring. Exclusion Criteria: * Patients with cardiac and thoracic surgery, * patients for whom access to the head is impossible, * facial trauma patients, * patients with aortic malformation, dilation or coarctation, * patients with aortic dissection, * patients with vascular surgery with aortic clamping, * patients with a tumor, stenosis or varices of the esophagus, * patients with severe oesophagitis, * patients with thoracic radiotherapy * patients under guardianship or curatorship or deprived of liberty.
Assessment of GSK Biologicals' Tdap Candidate Vaccine Administered as a Booster (6th Dose) in Terms of Immunogenicity and Safety to Children and Adolescents Previously Vaccinated With Five Doses of an Acellular Pertussis-containing Vaccine. A Phase III, Double-blinded, Randomized, Multicenter, Clinical Study to Assess the Safety and Immunogenicity of GSK Biologicals' Tdap 0.3 mg Candidate Vaccine When Given as a Booster Dose to Healthy School Children and Adolescents (9-13 Years of Age), Previously Vaccinated With a 5th Consecutive Dose of Acellular Pertussis-containing Vaccine, in Studies APV-118 or APV-120 The aims of this study are to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a booster dose of GSK Biological's candidate Tdap vaccine containing 0.3 mg Al when administered to healthy school children and adolescents (9-13 years of age) previously vaccinated with five consecutive doses of Pa-containing vaccine. The inclusion of hepatitis A vaccine (Havrix®) as a control vaccine enables this study to be conducted in a double-blinded in terms of immunogenicity and safety assessments. Inclusion Criteria: - Subjects previously enrolled and vaccinated in GSK Biologicals' studies APV-118 and APV-120 and who were 9 through 13 years of age Exclusion Criteria: * Use of any investigational or non-registered drug or vaccine other than the study vaccines within 30 days preceding the administration of study vaccines, or planned use during the study period. * Chronic administration or planned administration of immunosuppressants or other immune modifying drugs within six months prior to study vaccination or planned administration during the study period * Administration of immunoglobulins and/or blood products within 3 months prior to vaccination
Assessing Patient Care Through Routine Use of Patient-Reported Outcomes Routine Use of Patient Reported Outcomes Among Older Adults at High Risk of Falls: A 12-Month Cohort Study Patient reported outcome measures (PROMs) are assessments of health status or health-related quality of life. The EuroQol-5D (EQ5D) is an example of a generic instrument to assess health-related quality of life. The investigators will use the EQ5D in the Falls Prevention Clinic as part of routine clinical assessment at baseline, 6 months and 12 months to track patient care in a cohort of 300 older adults who are at high-risk of falls. 1. Purpose: We will use the EQ5D in the Falls Prevention Clinic as part of routine clinical assessment at baseline, 6-months and 12-months to track patient care in a cohort of 300 older adults who are at high-risk of falls. 2. Objectives: O1: Our primary objective is to use a routinely administered patient reported outcomes measure, the EuroQol-5D (EQ-5D), in older adults at high risk of falls to determine patients self-reported health status over a 12-month followup period. O2: Our secondary objective is to develop an explanatory model and a predictive model of covariates that explain significant gains or losses in health related quality of life. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Referred to falls clinic for assessment by general practitioner or emergency department physician. 2. Index fall presentation not due to overwhelming force resulting in presentation to Emergency Department or general practitioner (including syncopal presentation, see below). 3. At least 70 years of age. 4. No progressive neurological disorder (e.g. Dementia, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's). 5. Community dwelling (within Vancouver and Burnaby only). 6. Mini Mental State Examination Score of at least 24. 7. Walk at least 3 meters. 8. Has at least one of the following 'high-risk' criteria: * At least one other non-syncopal fall in the past 12 months * PPA of at least 1.0 (using dominant score for strength test) * TUG of at least 15 seconds 9. Life expectancy of greater than 12 months as determined by the geriatrician. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Any patients who do not meet the inclusion criteria specified above will be excluded from assessment at the Falls Prevention Clinic.
Influence of Adiposity on IGF-1 and Fitness Response to Exercise in Cancer Survivors The Influence of Excess Adiposity on Cardiorespiratory, Insulin-like Growth Factor, and Metabolic Responses to a Standardized Aerobic Exercise Program in Cancer Survivors This is a pilot feasibility study of an investigation of the influence of excess adiposity on cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and metabolic responses to a standardized aerobic exercise program in cancer survivors. This investigation attempts to isolate the influence of adiposity on these responses. We will enroll overweight, obese, and normal weight cancer survivors with a primary diagnosis of breast, prostate, or colorectal cancer who have completed all cancer-related treatment. Participants will engage in a 15-week aerobic exercise intervention with pre- and post-intervention assessments. Inclusion Criteria: * Primary cancer diagnosis of breast, prostate, or colorectal cancer * Completion of all cancer-related treatment \> than 6 months prior and \< 5 years prior to enrollment * Ability and willingness to participate in a supervised exercise program * All participants will be required to obtain a signed physician clearance to participate in exercise form prior to enrollment Exclusion Criteria: * Presence of a secondary active cancer diagnosis or metastatic disease * Any current cancer treatment (including hormonal treatment) or planned cancer treatment in the next 5 months * Greater than 100 min of self-reported regular exercise per week * BMI \< 18.5 (underweight) * Any significant metabolic condition, such as diabetes. Individuals with pre-diabetes or metabolic syndrome will not be excluded, but this information will be recorded. * Any medical condition that would impact the safety of, or participation in, an exercise program or exercise testing, including: * Orthopedic conditions such as advanced osteoarthritis, mobility-limiting amputations or chronic injuries, or mobility-limiting acute orthopedic injuries * Advanced rheumatoid arthritis or chronic widespread pain conditions such as fibromyalgia * Pulmonary conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, emphysema, or interstitial lung disease * Known cardiovascular disease, uncontrolled hypertension, or new cardiac event within the past 6 months
A Study of Bevacizumab With Taxane Therapy in Participants With Triple Negative Breast Cancer Open-Label Study of Bevacizumab (Avastin®) and Taxane Monotherapy for the First-Line Treatment of Patients With Advanced Triple Negative Breast Cancer This open-label, multi-center study will evaluate the safety, tolerability and effect of bevacizumab (Avastin) in combination with taxane (paclitaxel/ docetaxel) monotherapy on disease progression, survival time and Karnofsky performance status in female participants with estrogen-, progesterone- and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative (triple-negative) breast cancer. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically confirmed triple-negative (estrogen, progesterone, and HER-2 receptor negative) adenocarcinoma of the breast in pre- or post-menopausal women with measurable or non-measurable metastatic disease * Participant who in the Investigator's opinion requires combination therapy for their disease * Life expectancy of greater than or equal to (\>/=)12 weeks Exclusion Criteria: * Previous chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer * Participants currently undergoing radiation therapy for the treatment of metastatic disease (apart from the relief of metastatic bone pain) * Major surgery or significant traumatic injury within 28 days prior to enrollment or anticipation of the need for major surgery during study treatment
Long-term Extension Study to Evaluate MBA-P01 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Glabellar Lines Open-label, Single Group, Multi-center, Repeat-dose Long-term Extension Study to Evaluate the Long-term Safety and Efficacy of MBA-P01 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Glabellar Lines This study is intended to evaluate long-term safety and efficacy of MBA-P01 in treatment of glabellar lines. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients who completed the phase III trial (MT14-KR20GBL309) * Patients who were capable of understanding and complying with the protocol and have signed the informed consent form voluntarily Exclusion Criteria: * Patients who have received other procedures which may affect glabellar lines within 6 months (except of MBA-P01 or BOTOX® treated in phase III trial, MT14-KR20GBL309) * Female patients who are pregnant or lactating. Female patients of childbearing age who have a plan to get pregnant during the study period. * Patient who do not use available contraceptive methods (Women of childbearing age should have negative urine pregnancy test results at baseline visit (0 week) prior to the first injection.) * Patients who are participating in other clinical trials or have participated in other clinical trials 30 days before screening * Patients who are not eligible for this study based on the judgment of an investigator
TQLB for Postoperative Pain After Laparoscopic Partial Nephrectomy Transmuscular Quadratus Lumborum Block for Postoperative Pain After Laparoscopic Partial Nephrectomy: A Randomized Controlled Trial This prospective, randomized study,control study aims to compare the analgesic effect,opioids consumption,quality of recovery,length of hospital stay，et al. between single-injection QLB(quadratus lumborum block)+ intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (IPCA) and intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (IPCA) alone in patients undergoing laparoscopic partial nephrectomy. inclusion Criteria: * Age 18-70 yrs * American Society of Anesthesiologists physical statusⅠ-Ⅲ * Undergo laparoscopic partial nephrectomy * Informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * A known allergy to the drugs being used * Coagulopathy, on anticoagulants * Analgesics intake, history of substance abuse * Participating in the investigation of another experimental agent * Inability to properly describe postoperative pain to investigators (eg, language barrier, neuropsychiatric disorder)
Study in Pediatric Subjects With Epilepsy Open-label, Multiple Dose Study to Evaluate the Parmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability of Ezogabine/Retigabine as Adjunctive Treatment in Subjects Aged From 12 Years to Less Than 18 Years With Partial Onset Seizures or Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome This is an open-label study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety and tolerability of ezogabine/retigabine in subjects aged 12 years to less than 18 years with uncontrolled partial onset seizures or Lennos-Gastaut syndrome. Inclusion Criteria: * Between 12 and 18 years of age. * Diagnosis of uncontrolled partial onset seizures (with or without secondarily generalized seizures) or Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. * Taking between one and three antiepileptic drugs. * Able to swallow tablets. * Females must be of : (1) Non-childbearing potential or (2) Child-bearing potential and agrees to use acceptable contraception. Exclusion Criteria: * Epilepsy secondary to progressive cerebral disease, tumor or any progressive neurodegenerative disease. * History of status epilepticus in the last six months. * Currently treated with felbamate or has been treated with vigabatrin within the past 6 months. * Following the ketogenic diet. * Suicidal intent or history of suicide attempt in the last 2 years. * Elevated liver enzymes or abnormal kidney function. * Current disturbance of micturition or known urinary obstructions. * History of vesicoureteric reflux. * Abnormal post-void residual bladder ultrasound. * Urinary retention and/or required urinary catheterization in the preceding 6 months. * Abnormal urine sample at screening/.baseline. * Abnormal blood sample at screening. * Clinically significant arrhythmias. * Abnormal ECG at screening. * BMI lower than the 10th percentile for age and gender or subject weighs less than 30kg.
Stereotaxis Study To Obliterate Persistent Ventricular Tachycardia Stereotaxis Study To Obliterate Persistent Ventricular Tachycardia: Data Collection of Clinical Scar-related VT Cases This is a prospective, non-randomized, multi-center clinical case series evaluating the outcomes of the magnetic navigation system in ventricular tachycardia (VT) cases. Subjects will be evaluated acutely and will be followed clinically at 1, 6 and 12 months post-treatment. Catheter ablation of ventricular tachycardia (VT) is greatly facilitated by using a substrate mapping approach - that is, mapping of the left ventricle during sinus or paced rhythm to identify diseased myocardium. Using three dimensional electroanatomical mapping, it is possible to reconstruct an anatomical rendering of the left ventricle based on voltage. For hemodynamically stable or unstable VTs, various electrophysiologic maneuvers can then be used to identify the critical portions of the VT circuit within the scar (entrainment mapping, identification of diastolic potentials, identification of electrically-unexcitable scar, fractionated potentials and pace mapping). These methods are limited by the resolution of the substrate map, accuracy of catheter manipulation, and operator skill. To this end, a magnetic navigation system has been developed that allows for remote cardiac mapping. When used in concert with a compatible electroanatomical mapping system, it is possible to create a high-density ventricular substrate map of healed myocardial infarction. By removing the necessity for technical skill with catheter manipulation, this system has the potential for both improving the efficacy of VT ablation and expanding the clinical use of this substrate mapping approach. Recently, a higher-powered, irrigated tip catheter has become available in certain markets for use in cardiac arrhythmia ablations. This study will evaluate the outcomes of using this magnetic irrigation ablation catheter during mapping and ablation of VT while also using remote magnetic navigation. Inclusion Criteria: * Subject must be between the ages of 18 - 80 years * Willing to provide prior written informed consent per local ethics committee guidelines * Subjects must present with ventricular tachycardia, characterized by: history of myocardial scar and spontaneous ventricular tachycardia * Able to be safely exposed to static magnetic fields * No in-situ devices are present or any in-situ devices have been verified to be compatible to magnetic fields Exclusion Criteria: * Presence of a mobile ventricular thrombus * Inability to access the left ventricle * Subjects must not have any contraindications to short-term anticoagulation * Subjects must not have a life expectancy of \<1 year due to a medical illness
Vitreous Levels of Cysteine-rich 61 in Patients With Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy Vitreous Levels of Cysteine-rich 61 in Patients With Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy To determine the vitreous levels of fractalkine, cysteine-rich 61 (Cyr61), and VEGF in patients with PDR. Verifying that it is greater to that found in non-diabetic patients with different non-angiogenetic diseases. Introduction: Angiogenesis, the growth and proliferation of new blood vessels, is an important aspect of the vascular proliferation found in tumor growth, wound repair, inflammatory states, and ischemic sequel in the ocular angiogenetic diseases. Intraocular neovascularization, the major eventually complication of diabetic mellitus, may result in vitreous hemorrhage, tractional retinal detachment, neovascularization glaucoma and eventually blindness. The involved factors include basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), vascular endothelial cell growth factor (VEGF), and Connective tissue growth factor (CTGF)/Cysteine-rich protein (Cyr61)/Nephroblastoma overexpressed gene (CCN) family. VEGF is a primary angiogenic factor that mediates ischemic-induced retinal neovascularization. VEGF level are elevated in the vitreous fluid in patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). The unselective anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab has been used for the treatment of diabetic retinopathy. Problem: In spite of its potent anti-VEGF property, it does not completely inhibit ischemia-induced retinal neovascularization. Several other factors which were detected to have increased vitreous levels in the PDR patients might participate in the angiogenic process of diabetic retinopathy. One of the member of the CCN family, connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), was found to be involved in the angiogenesis and fibrosis mechanism of PDR. It is unclear if the other factors in the CCN family might also control the development of retinal angiogenesis and fibrosis.We measured vitreous cysteine-rich 61 (Cyr61) levels in PDR patients, non-diabetic patients,and PDR patients pretreated with bevacizumab. We further correlated the cysteine-rich 61 levels with different stages of PDR. Concomitant VEGF level was also measured to better understand the interaction of different factors. Inclusion Criteria: * Age ≥ 18 years * Patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus * Not eligible for any currently approved treatments or experimental protocols * Patients with PDR who receiving vitreoretinal surgery. Exclusion Criteria: * A condition that would preclude a patient for participation in the study in opinion of investigator, e.g., unstable medical status including glycemic control and blood pressure * Panretinal laser photocoagulation in the study eye * Previous treatment with intravitreal or sub-Tenon triamcinolone * History of submacular surgery or other surgical intervention for diabetic
Effects of Resveratrol on Inflammation in Type 2 Diabetic Patients Effects of Resveratrol on Inflammation in Type 2 Diabetic Patients. A Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial This research will investigate the effect of resveratrol on inflammatory mediators in type 2 diabetic patients in vivo. The investigators will also investigate the hypothesis that resveratrol has an antioxidant activity, improves insulin sensitivity and lipid pattern, down-regulates bone-turnover. Despite a large body of evidence demonstrating promising effects of resveratrol in rodents, human studies are still lacking and both preventive and therapeutic value of resveratrol in humans remains to be elucidated. The published evidence is not sufficiently strong to recommend for the administration of resveratrol to humans, beyond dietary sources. On the other hand, animal data are promising in prevention of various cancer types, coronary heart diseases and diabetes which strongly indicate the need for human clinical trials. Furthermore, data are lacking either about safety during long-term administration, or on the efficacy of resveratrol administration in patients with chronic illnesses, such as diabetes mellitus. The main objective of this study is to investigate the effect of resveratrol on inflammatory mediators in type 2 diabetic patients in vivo. This research will investigate the hypothesis that resveratrol, when given orally to type 2 diabetic subjects for 24 weeks induces a decrease in values of high-sensitivity CRP (C-reactive protein) (primary outcome measure), IL-6 (Interleukin-6), PTX3 (pentraxin 3). The investigators will also investigate the hypothesis that resveratrol has an antioxidant activity, improves insulin sensitivity and lipid pattern, down-regulates bone-turnover. Secondary outcomes are therefore variations in the following variables: TAS (total antioxidant status), glycemia, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total and HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, adiponectin, body composition (evaluated by Dual-emission X-ray absorptiometry DXA-), bone mineral density (DXA). Finally, the investigators are interested in evaluating efficacy, safety and tolerability of two different dosages of resveratrol: 500 mg/day and 40 mg/day. Inclusion Criteria: 1. 35 years of age and older 2. Type 2 diabetes with body mass index (BMI)\<35 kg/m2 3. Subjects on hypoglycemic agents other than insulin 4. Willing to give written informed consent and able to understand, to participate in and to comply with the study requirements. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subjects on any antioxidant medication 2. Patient on non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, steroids or insulin 3. On any agent with significant antioxidant properties 4. History of drug or alcohol abuse 5. Liver or kidney diseases 6. Any life threatening diseases 7. Allergy to peanuts, grapes, wine, mulberries 8. Pregnant women 9. Coronary event or procedure (myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass surgery or coronary angioplasty) in the previous four Weeks 10. Subjects on anticoagulants
The Efficacy of Pre-operative Educational Pelvic Floor Intervention on Urinary Continence The Efficacy of Pre-operative Educational Pelvic Floor Intervention on Urinary Continence in Patients Underwent Robotic Prostatectomy. A Randomized Clinical Trial Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer between male population and urinary incontinence (UI) is the most common of long-term sequelae. Nowadays, robotic prostatectomy became the surgery standard but there is still discrepant results regards the incidence of UI and there is a lack of studies about the use of pelvic floor rehabilitation in this population. Our study aims to assesses the efficacy of preoperative educational method in urinary incontinence after robotic prostatectomy. Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer between male population, with 161,300 new cases a year in the USA and an incidence of 10% in Italy. Since many years surgery is the treatment of choice, both at an early stage and in advanced cases, but involves side effects. From the post-operative problem presents in literature, urinary incontinence (UI) is the most common of long-term sequelae and significantly affects the quality of life and the psychological aspect in the post-surgical period. The incidence of UI after prostatectomy surgery varies between 0.8% and 87% in the first 3 and 6 months and between 5% and 44.5% after 1 year. This variability depends on the UI definition and the type of measurement used, which are not homogeneous among the various studies in the literature. Evaluations that are not objective make it difficult to compare the results obtained, thus creating discrepancies. To date, robotic prostatectomy is becoming the gold standard for its recognized greater accuracy when compared with the open surgery and laparoscopic procedure, with a reduced learning curve for operators and giving better post-surgical results. Progress technological aspects, such as the three-dimensional vision of the operative field, the macroscopic magnification and better image resolution, have made the robotic procedure a less invasive surgery with better functional outcomes. Despite these factors, UI is still present and in the majority of cases management is not completely evidence based. Moreover there is not yet a definite consensus regarding the predictive factors (age, disease stage, body weight, prostate volume and other comorbidities) in the incidence of the UI. When patients presents UI diagnoses, the conservative intervention through the pelvic floor rehabilitation is recommended in an attempt to reduce the impact of this complication. Muscle strengthening and pelvic floor awareness after surgery are used for years in clinical practice with results widely documented in the literature, but their effectiveness in the pre-operative period, especially if after robotic surgery, has not yet been sufficiently studied. Currently, there are discrepant results mainly due to the type of rehabilitative methodology applied and the time of beginning the preoperative treatment. Our study tries to evaluate, through an objective and reproducible measurement, the efficacy of a preoperative educational method in urinary incontinence after robotic prostatectomy. Inclusion Criteria: * Signed informed consent form * Age \>= 40 \<= 70 years old * Body mass Index \<= 27 * Indication of robotic prostate surgery * Tumor with clinical stage T1 and T2. * Extracapsular Extension Score \<= 3, measured with magnetic resonance before surgery. Exclusion Criteria: * Pathologic T3 tumor with radiotherapy indication * Previous prostate surgery * Previous urinary incontinence. * Metabolic disorder * Central or peripheral neurologic disorders * Inability to understand informed consent or to carry out the rehabilitation protocol autonomously.
Rotavirus Gastroenteritis and Vaccine Usage in Rhode Island Rotavirus Gastroenteritis and Vaccine Usage in Rhode Island: Active Hospital-Based Surveillance, Serotype Surveillance and a Case-Control Study The goals of this study are to see what effects the introduction of RV5(RotaTeq) vaccine has had in the community both on the number of rotavirus-associated hospitalizations and on the strains of rotavirus circulating in the community. The investigators will use cases of rotavirus gastroenteritis identified on the wards at Hasbro Children's Hospital during the 2007-2009 rotavirus seasons for a case-control study to estimate rotavirus vaccine effectiveness in preventing rotavirus-associated hospitalizations. The investigators plan to assess rotavirus vaccine coverage in Rhode Island using the state vaccine registry and to examine whether and to what extent rotavirus vaccine was used outside the recommended age limits (off label) during the first 2 years of its implementation in Rhode Island. Finally using the state child health database, KIDSNET the investigators plan to investigate the reasons that children may not have received rotavirus vaccine in order to better target educational efforts for parents and health care providers. The goals of this study, conducted after the introduction of RV5 (RotaTeq) vaccine in the community, are: 1) to use a case-control study to estimate rotavirus vaccine effectiveness in preventing rotavirus-associated hospitalizations under field conditions, 2) to assess rotavirus vaccine coverage and to examine whether and to what extent rotavirus vaccine was used outside the recommended age limits (off label) during the first 2 years of its implementation in Rhode Island and 3) to investigate risk factors for non-receipt of rotavirus vaccine to inform educational efforts for parents and providers, and 4) to characterize the strains of rotavirus circulating in the community both prior to and after introduction of vaccine to determine if serotype replacement is occurring. Inclusion Criteria: * rotavirus gastroenteritis requiring hospitalization * immunocompetent * born after April 15, 2006 * greater than 2 months of age on the day of admission Exclusion Criteria: * rotavirus vaccine contraindicated for that child based on ACIP/AAP recommendations * an immunization record cannot be obtained through the KIDSNET database
Growth Hormone During Fasting.Signaltransduktion in Muscle and Adipose Tissue and Changes in Intrahepatic Lipid Content Growth Hormone During Fasting. Signaltransduktion in Muscle and Adipose Tissue, Consequence of Growth Hormone Receptor Antagonist, Quantification of Intrahepatic Lipid Content Based on MR Scanning The purpose of this study is to examine the effects of growth hormone during fasting in healthy lean men. During fasting the human body is known to metabolize relatively large amounts of fat, in the expense of proteins and glucose. Partly this shift in metabolism is caused by increasing GH secretion, but exactly how growth hormone exerts these effects remains to be further investigated. 10 healthy lean young men are studied at 4 different occasions in a randomized single-blinded cross-over study. 1: after 12 hours of fasting + GH bolus, 2: after 36 hours of fasting + GH bolus, 3: after 36 hours + saline, 4: after 36 hours of fasting + Somavert. Aim: * to study the signal transduction in muscle and fat tissue * to study the metabolism during fasting * to study the intrahepatic fat content using magnetic resonance techniques Inclusion Criteria: * male * healthy * age 20 - 40 years of age * BMI 20 -25 Exclusion Criteria: * uses any medication * drinks more than 21 units of alcohol per * is claustrophobic * carries any magnetic devices
Evaluation of Patient Education Simulations to Promote Health and Wellness Evaluation of Patient Education Simulations to Promote Health and Wellness in Patients With Chronic Disease This pilot study will use a pre-post design to explore the utility of using virtual simulations to provide participant education and counseling for adopting healthy lifestyle behaviors (i.e., physical activity, nutrition, smoking, alcohol use, and anxiety/distress screening) to 60 participants with chronic diseases where lifestyle management is paramount to well-being and disease control (e.g., cardiovascular disease, stroke, diabetes, cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, osteoarthritis). Participants will have access to the simulations through a unique password-protected link over the course of one month. Participants will complete two study visits that are 30-60 minutes in duration each. There is also one optional telephone interview with a mental health professional. The telephone interview it estimated to be 10 minutes in duration and will be audiotapes, with participants' permission. The study surveys will be administrated at baseline, immediately following the simulation use and at one-month baseline measures. The measures will assess lifestyle behaviors related to healthy eating, physical activity, emotional health, smoking behaviors and alcohol use. Measures will also assess the psycho-social constructs of intrinsic motivation and self-efficacy. Finally, the usability of and satisfaction with the simulations will be explored through feedback surveys. The investigator will also seek permission to collect data from the patient's medical chart. Feedback will also be collected from four healthcare providers. The overarching goal of the pilot study is to assess the acceptability and potential efficacy of the participant education simulation on changes in participants with chronic diseases' lifestyle behaviors as well as motivation and self-efficacy to change. The primary objective is to examine the acceptability (satisfaction, usability) of using virtual simulations to deliver participant education and counseling for adopting healthy lifestyle behaviors among a sample of four healthcare providers and 60 participants with chronic disease. The secondary objectives include examining changes in lifestyle behaviors (e.g., healthy eating, physical activity) one-month following the use of the participant education simulations in a sample of 60 participants with chronic disease (e.g. cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, stroke, arthritis) and to explore the potential mediators (e.g. motivation and self-efficacy) of the simulation effects on the changes in participants' lifestyle behaviors. Participants will communicate with a virtual human, Linda, by selecting from a dynamic menu of dialogue options. Once the learner chooses a dialogue option, they see the virtual human respond by providing personalized feedback and give users an opportunity to revise their choice. In this study, the simulations will be a bundle of four topic-based conversations with Linda, which include fitness and nutrition, smoking cessation, alcohol use, distress and anxiety. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age 18 years or older; 2. Have a diagnosis of a chronic disease (e.g., osteoarthritis, coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma, diabetes, hypertension, stroke, and congestive heart failure) as indicated by self-report or review of the electronic medical record; and 3. Receiving care within the NYU Langone Health Network (e.g., Faculty Group Practices and ambulatory care centers, NYU Winthrop Surgical Associates) Exclusion Criteria: 1. Are unable to give informed consent 2. Refuse to participate 3. Any active terminal illness, mental incompetence, or uncontrolled psychiatric illness. These exclusions were based on the premise that the presence of any of these conditions would dominate the subject's perception of lifestyle management of their chronic disease. 4. Unable to speak and read in English. Patients that are unable to speak and read in English will be excluded from the proposed project because the simulations are being developed in English only. Once we demonstrate the initial efficacy of this tool, future simulations will be developed in languages other than English. Despite the language restrictions, no exclusion will be made based on patient racial/ethnic origin.
Initiate and Maintain Physical Activity in Clinics: The IMPACT Diabetes Study Initiate and Maintain Physical Activity in Clinics: The IMPACT Diabetes Study The Initiate and Maintain Physical Activity in Clinics (IMPACT) study will determine the optimal and feasible level of frequency of structured contact needed in a clinical setting for adult patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus to initiate and maintain physical activity recommendations long-term. The IMPACT Study will compare the health outcomes and lifestyle habits amongst the three groups of study participants. Study participants will be randomized into three exercise group. Group 1 will participate in instructor-led exercise training sessions 1 time per week, for 24 weeks (approximately 6 months). Group 2 will participate in instructor-led exercise training sessions 3 times per week, for 24 weeks (approximately 6 months). Group 3 will not attend any instructor-led exercise training sessions. All groups will be encouraged to see their usual providers for routine healthcare, and continue their usual medication regimen. Inclusion Criteria: * Recent hemoglobin A1c result between 6.5 and 13.0% * Diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus * Able and willing to enroll and meet the requirements of the study Exclusion Criteria: * Inability to speak, read or understand English * Long-term current use or dependency on insulin * Systolic blood pressure \>180 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure \>100 mm Hg * Resting heart rate \> 120 bpm * History of or present heart or cardiovascular conditions * History of or present respiratory disease * History of or present spinal cord injury * History of stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA) * History of cancer diagnosis in the past 5 years or present cancer diagnosis * Medical, psychiatric, behavioral limitations that may interfere with study participation * Participating in other clinical trials that may interfere with study procedures and outcomes * Currently pregnant or plans to become pregnant within three years
A Phase 2, Muti-Center Study of Repeat Dosing of Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester in Subjects With Herpes Labialis A Phase 2, Muti-Center Study of Repeat Dosing of Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester in Subjects With Herpes Labialis Primary Objective: To assess local and generalized adverse events with repeat topical application of 2% and 0.5% squaric acid dibutyl ester (SADBE) in subjects with frequent herpes labialis (4 or more episodes in the previous 12 months). Secondary Objective: To assess efficacy of repeat topical application of 2% and 0.5% SADBE in the prevention of herpes labialis episodes. Primary oral infection with the herpes simplex virus (HSV) typically occurs at a young age, is asymptomatic, and is not associated with significant morbidity. After primary oral infection, HSV may persist in a latent state in the trigeminal ganglion and later reactivate as the more common herpes labialis, or "cold sores." Common triggers for reactivation are well known and include ultraviolet light, trauma, fatigue, stress, fever, inflammation, and menstruation. These lesions affect up to 45 percent of the U.S. population. They classically manifest as a well-localized cluster of small vesicles along the vermilion border of the lip or adjacent skin. The vesicles subsequently rupture, ulcerate, and crust within 24 to 48 hours. Spontaneous healing occurs over seven to 10 days. In immunocompetent patients, herpes labialis usually is mild and self-limited. However, pain, swelling, and cosmetic concerns may prompt physician consultation. Orally administered antiviral agents, such as acyclovir (Zovirax) or valacyclovir (Valtrex), have a modest clinical benefit if initiated during the prodrome. Topical treatment with 1% penciclovir cream (Denavir) may reduce healing time and pain slightly, even if initiated after the prodrome. However, reduction in healing time with systemic or topical agents is modest. Squaric acid dibutyl ester (SADBE) is a topical immunotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of verruca vulgaris and alopecia areata. During a recent FDA Compounding Advisory Committee Meeting, it was recommended that squaric acid dibutylester be included on the list of bulk drug substances allowed for use in compounding under section 503A of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. And SADBE has now been so listed under section 503A. A study completed by Lee et al of 29 patients with recalcitrant warts demonstrated complete clearance in 69% of patients with application every 2-4 weeks. Silverberg et al showed a complete clearance in 58% of patients (n=61) when SADBE was applied 3 times weekly. A placebo-controlled clinical study completed at Massachusetts General Hospital showed that squaric acid prevented recurrence of herpetic lesions. The effect of SADBE of delaying new herpes labialis outbreaks was highly significant (p\<0.01) as compared to placebo. Primary Objective: To assess local and generalized adverse events with repeat topical application of 2% and 0.5% squaric acid dibutyl ester (SADBE) in subjects with frequent herpes labialis (4 or more episodes in the previous 12 months). Secondary Objective: To assess efficacy of repeat topical application of 2% and 0.5% SADBE in the prevention of herpes labialis episodes. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age ≥ 18 and ≤ 65 2. Clinical diagnosis of herpes labialis, which may be made at the screening visit based on the patient's self-reported history of symptoms. An active herpes labialis outbreak at the time of entry into the clinical trial will neither be required nor will be an exclusion criterion. 3. Self report having four (4) or more episodes of herpes labialis in the past 12 months. Subjects will NOT be told that four-or-more episodes in the previous 12 months is the entry criterion. Subjects will be asked "How many separate episodes of cold sores have you had in the previous 12 months?" They will be included if they give an answer of four or more and excluded if they give an answer of three or fewer. 4. At least half of the subject's episodes of the previous 12 months should be vesicular in nature and at least half preceded by prodromal symptoms. Prodromal symptoms may include tingling, itching, burning or pain before the development of a herpetic lesion. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Pregnant or lactating females. 2. Current or recurrent non-herpetic infection or any underlying condition that may predispose to infection or anyone who has been admitted to the hospital due to bacteremia, pneumonia or any other serious infection in the last 12 months. 3. Therapy with glucocorticoid or immunosuppressants at time of recruitment or within past 4 weeks prior to the screening visit, or at any time during the study (including inhaled corticosteroids for asthma), except for topical steroids in sites other than face. 4. History of malignancy (except patients with surgically cured basal cell or squamous cell skin cancers). 5. History of organ transplantation. 6. HIV-positive status determined by history at screening or known history of any other immunosuppressive disease. 7. Severe co-morbidities (CHF \[NYHA class II or worse\], MI, CVA or TIA) within 3 months of screening visit, current unstable angina pectoris or oxygen-dependent severe pulmonary disease. 8. Known hypersensitivity to Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO). 9. Any condition judged by the investigator to cause this clinical trial to be detrimental to the patient. 10. Subject is currently enrolled in another investigational device or drug trial(s), or subject has received other investigational agent(s) within 28 days of the screening visit. 11. Previous exposure to SADBE (squaric acid or squaric acid dibutyl ester). 12. Subject has an abnormal skin condition (e.g., acne, eczema, rosacea, psoriasis, albinism, or chronic vesiculo-bullous disorder) that occurs in the area ordinarily affected by herpes labialis 13. Subject has an abnormal skin condition (e.g., eczema, rosacea, psoriasis, albinism, or chronic vesiculo-bullous disorder) that occurs in the inner aspect of either upper arm (the area where drug will be applied). 14. Subject has had a vaccine for either HSV-1 or HSV-2. 15. Subject has had treatment with anti-viral therapy (including ABREVA) within 2 weeks before first dose of SADBE or at any time during the study.
Comparison of Gabapentin With Doxepin in the Management of Uremic Pruritus Comparison of Gabapentin With Doxepin in the Management of Uremic Pruritus: Pilot Study This is a single blind randomized trial to compare efficacy and side effects of Gabapentin with Doxepin. Hemodialysis patients with uremic pruritus at one dialysis center of Saint George Hospital University Medical Centre were included in this study. Patients were divided into 2 groups to receive either 10 mg Doxepin daily or Gabapentin at a dose of 100mg after each hemodialysis session (increased as tolerated) for 4 weeks, after which patients were treated reversley. Pruritus severity and its effect on quality of life will be assessed by using visual analog scale (VAS), 5-D pruritus scale and dermatology life quality index (DLQI). Include patients will have to fill these forms at baseline and at end of week1, week2 and week4 Pruritus is one of the frustrating skin manifestations of advanced renal failure. Many options have been used for the management of uremic pruritus (UP) such as Pregabalin, Gabapentin, Doxepine and Desloratidine. Gabapentin, a GABAergic drug, has been found to be effective in the treatment of uremic pruritus. Doxepin, a potent antihistamine drug, is used orally or topically in many pruritic conditions such as UP, idiopathic pruritus, atopic dermatitis, neurogenic, or psychogenic pruritus and, in the management of the UP in hemodialysis patients. No comparative head to head study between Gabapentin and Doxepine has been conducted to date. The aim of this study was to compare Gabapentin and Doxepin in treatment of uremic pruritus in hemodialysis patients. Inclusion Criteria: * prevalent patients undergoing HD with UP for at least three months * any medications with antipruritic effects to be discontinued one week before the study * Hemodialysis performed for 3-4 h thrice weekly via a low flux polysulphonedialyser \[1.3-1.6 m2 surface areas\] using bicarbonate and/or acetate dialysis fluid * well controlled Calcium, Phosphorus and iPTH levels Exclusion Criteria: * patients labeled high risk of fall (Having a score more than 16/20 using part 1 from Falls Risk Assessment Tool (FRAT) * patients taking drugs that interact with doxepin or gabapentin * patients with hepatic failure * patients with hyperthyroidism * patients with narrow angle glaucoma * patients with heart block or decompensated heart failure or hypotension (defined as systolic blood pressure less than 90 mmHg) or myocardial infarction in the past three months * history of allergy to gabapentin or doxepin * uncontrolled psychiatric diseases * pregnant patients * patients with psoriasis, atopic dermatitis or any other condition that can justify the pruritus
Gemcitabine or Combination Chemotherapy Followed by Chemoradiation for Stage IB, II, or III Pancreatic Cancer Randomized Phase II-III Trial of Post-operative Treatment of Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: Gemcitabine Versus PEFG Followed by Radiochemotherapy With Concomitant Continuous Infusion of 5-fluorouracil RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as gemcitabine hydrochloride, cisplatin, epirubicin hydrochloride, fluorouracil, and capecitabine, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether gemcitabine hydrochloride is more effective when given alone or together with combination chemotherapy and radiation therapy in treating patients with pancreatic cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II/III trial is studying gemcitabine hydrochloride to see how well it works when given alone or together with combination chemotherapy and radiation therapy in treating patients with stage IB, stage II, or stage III pancreatic cancer. OBJECTIVES: Primary * Assess the 1-year progression-free survival of patients with stage IB, II, or III adenocarcinoma of the pancreas treated with adjuvant therapy comprising gemcitabine with vs without cisplatin, epirubicin hydrochloride, and fluorouracil followed by chemoradiotherapy with fluorouracil or capecitabine. (Phase II) * Compare the 2-year overall survival of patients treated with these regimens. (Phase III) Secondary * Assess the feasibility and toxicity of these regimens in these patients. * Assess the impact of these regimens on the quality of life of these patients. * Assess the pattern of relapse in patients treated with these regimens. OUTLINE: This is a multicenter study. Patients are stratified according to participating center and radical surgery. Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. * Arm I: Patients receive gemcitabine hydrochloride IV over 1 hour on days 1, 8, and 15. Treatment repeats every 28 days for 3 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. * Arm II: Patients receive cisplatin IV over 1 hour and epirubicin hydrochloride IV on day 1 and gemcitabine hydrochloride IV over 1 hour on days 1 and 8. Patients also receive fluorouracil IV continuously beginning on day 1 or oral capecitabine. Treatment repeats every 28 days for 3 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Beginning 2-4 weeks after the completion of chemotherapy, patients in both arms undergo radiotherapy 5 days a week for 6 weeks. Patients also receive concurrent fluorouracil IV continuously or oral capecitabine during radiotherapy. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3 months. DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS: * Histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas * Stage IB-III disease * Has undergone surgery with radical intent (R0 or R1) within the past 2 months PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS: * Karnofsky performance status 70-100% (90-100% for patients 71-75 years of age) * WBC ≥ 3,500/mm\^3 * ANC ≥ 1,500/mm\^3 * Platelet count ≥ 100,000/mm\^3 * Hemoglobin ≥ 10 g/dL * Creatinine ≤ 1.5 mg/dL * Bilirubin ≤ 2 mg/dL * SGOT and SGPT ≤ 2 times upper limit of normal * Not pregnant or nursing * No other malignancy within the past 5 years except surgically treated carcinoma in situ of the cervix or basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin * No psychological, familial, sociological, or geographical condition that would potentially hinder study compliance or follow-up schedule PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY: * See Disease Characteristics * No prior chemotherapy or radiotherapy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma * No other concurrent experimental drugs
Development of a Model-based Working Memory Training and Investigation of Its Comparative Efficacy Development of a Model-based Working Memory Training and Investigation of Its Comparative Efficacy: A Randomized, Double-blind Study on Healthy Adults This study is to investigate the efficacy of model-based Working Memory (WM) training using an appropriate control condition. The interventions are a model-based, a single-task and a multiple-task training on WM in order to compare the efficacies of these different training approaches for WM. A sham intervention acts as active control group. Each intervention will be presented on a tablet device. Inclusion Criteria: * Informed consent as documented by signature Exclusion Criteria: * Medical history of neurological or psychiatric disorders * Any history of substance abuse * Color vision deficiency * Inability to used table devices * Montreal Cognitive Assessment \< 26
Soy Protein in Preventing Recurrent Cancer in Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Stage II Prostate Cancer Randomized Placebo-Controlled Adjuvant Study of Prevention of Prostate Cancer Recurrence After Radical Prostatectomy by Soy Protein Isolate RATIONALE: Soy protein may help prevent prostate cancer recurrence in patients who have undergone surgery for prostate cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II/III trial is studying how well soy protein works and compares it to a placebo in preventing recurrent cancer in patients who have undergone surgery for stage II prostate cancer. OBJECTIVES: * Determine whether soy protein isolate reduces the PSA failure rate and time to PSA failure within 2 years following radical prostatectomy in patients who are at high risk for prostate cancer recurrence. * Determine the effects of soy protein isolate on intermediate biomarkers of steroid hormone axis (testosterone, estradiol, and SHBG) and thyroid activity (T3 and T4). * Determine the effects of soy protein isolate on intermediate biomarkers of apoptosis (soluble Fas and Fas-ligand), angiogenesis (VEGF and bFGF), antioxidant activity (8-isoprostanes), and IGF axis (IGF-1 and IGFBP-3). * Compare patients who are equol producers to those who are non-producers. OUTLINE: This is a multicenter study. Patients are stratified according to hospital/clinic site (NYU vs UIC or Jesse Brown VA Medical Center vs other sites), number of high-risk characteristics (1 vs \> 1), and race (African American vs non-African American \[i.e., non-Hispanic White, Hispanic, Asian, and other\]). Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. * Arm I: Patients receive an oral soy protein isolate beverage once daily. * Arm II: Patients receive an oral casein placebo beverage once daily. Treatment in both arms continues for up to 2 years in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Blood samples are collected periodically for biomarker laboratory studies. Samples are analyzed to measure PSA levels by Tosoh PSA assay; cholesterol levels; isoflavone and equol concentrations by HPLC and ESA; and indicators of steroid hormone axis (testosterone, estradiol, and SHBG), indicators of thyroid activity (T3 and T4), indicators of apoptosis (soluble Fas and Fas-ligand), indicators of angiogenesis (VEGF and bFGF), indicators of oxidative stress (8-isoprostanes), and indicators of IGF axis (IGF-1 and IGFBP-3) by ELISA. DISEASE CHARACTERISTICS: * Diagnosis of prostate cancer * Clinically localized (T1c or T2) disease * At high risk for recurrence, as defined by ≥ 1 of the following: * Preoperative PSA \> 20.0 ng/mL * Seminal vesicle invasion * Extracapsular extension (excluding the bladder neck) * Positive surgical margins (excluding apical margins) * Micrometastases in any removed pelvic lymph nodes * Final Gleason score of ≥ 8 * Must have undergone radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer within the past 4 months * Must have an undetectable PSA (\< 0.07 ng/mL) at baseline, as measured by Tosoh PSA assay * No clinical evidence of locally recurrent or metastatic disease PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS: * No significant intake of soy (i.e., more than once a week) at baseline including, but not limited to, any of the following: * Vegetarians who regularly consume soy products (e.g., tofu) * Individuals with customary Asian dietary habits, including regular intake of soy products * Individuals who use soy-based milk replacements * No anemia, iron deficiency problems, or subclinical iron deficiency at baseline * No diabetes * No thyroid disease * No requirement for a sodium-free diet * No substantive tendency to be constipated (i.e., ≥ grade 2 constipation experienced regularly) * No medical problem that would preclude the consumption of the soy containing beverage powder, including allergies against soy (or milk protein) * No concurrent major disease, including major mental disease or major substance abuse problems * No significant side effects from medication PRIOR CONCURRENT THERAPY: * See Disease Characteristics * No concurrent radiotherapy or hormonal therapy * No other concurrent adjuvant therapy for prostate cancer
Comparison of High-flow Oxygen vs. BiPAP in Type II (Hypercapnic) Respiratory Failure Retrospective Cohort Study of Patients With Type II (Hypercapnic) Respiratory Failure Treated With High-flow Oxygen Therapy Versus Non-invasive Ventilation With BiPAP A retrospective cohort study of all patients treated for type II (hypercapnic) respiratory failure with either High-Flow Oxygen Therapy or Non-Invasive Ventilation in a general adult hospital. We will compare various clinically relevant outcomes in patients treated for type II (hypercapnic) acute respiratory failure (ARF) with either High-Flow Nasal Cannula (HFNC) or Non-Invasive Ventilation (NIV) in a general adult hospital. All patients treated with HFNC were treated with an Optiflow device (Fisher\&Paykel). Various Bilevel positive airway pressure (BiPAP) devices were used during the study period. All ventilatory parameters were set according to the treating physicians' preferences. Inclusion Criteria: * All patients treated with respiratory failure not responding to conventional supplemental oxygen therapy * Blood venous gas showing partial pressure of carbon dioxide\>50 mmHg before beginning therapy with either NIV or HFNC Exclusion Criteria: * Lack of records of the primary outcome * End-of-life care * Lack of gas before the beginning of NIV or HFNC
Phase I/II Study of Nilotinib/Ruxolitinb Therapy for TKI Resistant Ph-Leukemia A PHASE I/II, MULTI-CENTRE, TRIAL OF RUXOLITINIB THERAPY IN COMBINATION WITH NILOTINIB IN PATIENTS WITH PHILADELPHIA POSITIVE CHRONIC MYELOID LEUKEMIA OR ACUTE LYMPHOBLASTIC LEUKEMIA WHO HAVE FAILED TYROSINE KINASE INHIBITOR THERAPY This is the study to test combination regimen of Nilotinib and Ruxolitinib therapy for the treatment of patients with Philadelphia positive chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) or acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) who is resistant to multiple tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapies with BCR-ABL kinase inhibition activity. Ruxolitinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor blocking alternative pathway independent of BCR-ABL mediated pathway, thus having a potential to overcome tyrosine kinase inhibitor resistance in Philadelphia positive CML or ALL patients. Phase I study will be conducted to define a recommended phase II dose (RPTD) and phase II study will examine the hypothesis that combinational approach will increase response rate of resistant CML/ALL patients, thus evaluating efficacy of the combination regimen. The purpose of this study is to find out if multiple tyrosine kinase inhibitor resistant chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) or acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) can be treated with combination approach of Nilotinib with Ruxolitinib which may block alternative pathway besides BCR-ABL kinase inhibition in Ph positive leukemia, esp against JAK2-STAT5 pathway. First step is to define the dose of Ruxolitinib with fixed dose of Nilotinib which had been approved at the dose of 400mg bid for imatinib failed CML. During phase I part of the study,dose escalations will be decided on the basis of DLTs observed hence the exact sample size could not be predicted with certainty but will range between 9-12 patients. Three patients will be enrolled per dose level. Accordingly 9 patients are expected to be enrolled. If a DLT is observed, 3 more patients will be enrolled at the dose level in which the DLT occurred. The study will be conducted at multiple sites across Canada and enrollment will be competitive. Once 3 patients are enrolled in a cohort, that dose level will be closed to enrollment until safety assessment of the 3 subjects is performed at the end of cycle 1. This procedure will be performed for each dosing cohort. Patients will be assigned to a dose level based on authorization from the sponsor in collaboration with Ozmosis Research Inc. For the phase II part of the study, once the RPTD has been established in the phase I portion of this trial, the phase II will begin. The phase II portion will be a two-stage, single arm, unblinded study investigating the potential efficacy of the combination of Ruxolitinib and Nilotinib. A maximum of 20 patients will be accrued in the phase II portion. Those patients treated in the phase I portion of this trial at the RPTD will be included in the analysis of the Phase II study. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients must have Chronic Myeloid Leukemia in any phase (CP, AP, or BP of any phenotype) or Ph+ Acute Lymphoblasic Leukemia. The confirmation of Ph+ chromosome can be substituted by the presence of BCR/ABL transcript by PCR test at diagnosis. 2. Patients must be previously treated with and resistant, or intolerant, to 2 or more lines of treatment including imatinib, dasatinib, or other investigational agent. Patient who have CML-CP who were previously treated with and resistant to only dasatinib are also included. At least 2 weeks must have elapsed from the last date of treatment to the first dose of study treatment. Patients who have received Nilotinib for more than 4 consecutive weeks will be excluded. 3. Must be ≥18 years old. 4. Provide written informed consent. 5. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status ≤ 2. 6. Minimum life expectancy of 3 months or more. 7. Adequate organ liver and renal functions: * Total bilirubin ≤ 1.5 x ULN. Does not apply to patients with isolated hyperbilirubinemia (e.g., Gilbert's Disease) of grade \< 3; * Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) ≤ 2.5x ULN or or ≤ 5.0 x ULN if considered due to leukemia. * Creatinine ≤ 2.5 mg/dL. * Alkaline phosphatase ≤ 2.5 x ULN unless considered due to leukemia; * Serum lipase and amylase ≤ 1.5 x ULN 8. Normal serum levels ≥ LLN (lower limit of normal) or corrected to within normal limits with supplements, prior to the first dose of study medication, of potassium, magnesium and calcium; 9. Female patients of childbearing potential must agree to use dual methods of contraception and have a negative serum pregnancy test within 2 weeks prior to enrollment. Male patients must use an effective barrier method of contraception if sexually active with a female of child-bearing potential. Acceptable methods of contraception are condoms, contraceptive patch, intrauterine device, diaphragm with spermicidal gel, or a sexual partner who is surgically sterilized or post menopausal. Post menopausal is defined as at least 12 consecutive months without menses. 10. Ability and willingness to comply with study procedures and schedule, in the Investigator's opinion. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Received Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor therapy within 7 days prior to receiving the first dose of Ruxolitinib+Nilotinib, with the exception of patients who have previously received Nilotinib who must have stopped Nilotinib 4 weeks prior to receiving the first dose of Ruxolitinib+Nilotinib. Patients who have not recovered (\> grade 1 by NCI CTCAE, v. 4.03) from AEs (except alopecia) due to agents previously administered. 2. Patients who received other therapies as follows: * For CP and AP patients: Received any of the following within 2 weeks prior to receiving first dose of Ruxolitinib + Nilotinib: * Hydroxyurea (within 7 days of first dose) * anagrelide * interferon * cytarabine * immunotherapy * any other cytotoxic chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or investigational therapy * For BP patients: Received any of the following within 2 weeks prior to receiving first dose of Ruxolitinib + Nilotinib: * chemotherapy other than hydroxyurea * anagrelide * interferon * cytarabine * immunotherapy * any other cytotoxic chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or investigational therapy * For Ph+ ALL patients: Received any of the following within 2 weeks prior to the first dose of Ruxolitinib+Nilotinib: * corticosteroids * vincristine * Hydroxyurea (within 7 days of first dose) * anagrelide * interferon * cytarabine * immunotherapy * any other cytotoxic chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or investigational therapy 3. Underwent autologous or allogeneic stem cell transplant within 60 days prior to receiving the first dose of Ruxolitinib+Nilotinib; any evidence of on-going graft versus-host disease (GVHD), or GVHD requiring immunosuppressive therapy. 4. Patients with any of the following: Have prolonged QT (QTc \>450 ms) or take medications that are known to be associated with Torsades de Pointes, or potentially prolonging QT. Long QT syndrome or familiar history of long QT syndrome Persistent significant bradicardia (\<50bpm) Experienced a myocardial infarction within 12 months of registration 5. Require concurrent treatment with immunosuppressive agents, other than corticosteroids prescribed for a short course of therapy. 6. Have previously been treated with Ruxolitinib. 7. Patients with CML CP are excluded if they are in MCyR. 8. Patients with CML AP, CML BP, or Ph+ ALL are excluded if they are in MCyR. 9. Have active central nervous system (CNS) disease as evidenced by cytology or pathology. History itself of CNS involvement is not exclusionary if CNS has been cleared with a documented negative lumbar puncture. In the absence of clinical CNS disease, lumbar puncture is not required. 10. Have significant or active cardiovascular disease or significant bleeding disorder unrelated to CML or Ph+ ALL. 11. Have a history of pancreatitis or alcohol abuse. 12. Have uncontrolled hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides \>450 mg/dL). 13. Have malabsorption syndrome or other gastrointestinal illness that could affect the absorption of the study drug. 14. Patients with inadequate bone marrow reserve within 2 weeks prior to start study drug as demonstrated by: * Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) that is ≤ 1000/µL. * Platelet count that is \< 125,000/µL without the assistance of growth factors, thrombopoietic factors or platelet transfusions. 15. Patients with any history of platelet counts \< 50,000/µL or ANC \< 500/µL except during treatment for a myeloproliferative disorder or treatment with cytotoxic therapy for any other reason. 16. Patients with coagulation parameters (PT, PTT, INR) ≥ 1.5 ULN within 2 weeks prior to starting study drug. 17. Developed the T315I, T315A Y253H, E255K/V or F359C/V mutation after any TKI therapy. 18. Patients with HLA matched donor and eligible for allogeneic transplantation for CML treatment. 19. Patient being treated concurrently with any of the following prohibited medications: * JAK inhibitor * Any investigational medication other than the study drugs. Use of such medications within 14 days or 6 half-lives, whichever is longer, prior to the first dose of study drug is prohibited * Potent inducers and inhibitors of CYP3A4• Use of HU, interferon, thalidomide, busulfan, lenalidomide, anagrelide, is not permitted at any time beginning 28 days prior to the first Baseline assessment. * Hematopoietic growth factor receptor agonists (eg, erythropoietin (Epo), granulocyte colony stimulating factor (GCSF), romiplostim, eltrombopag) must not be used as they may be associated with spleen size increases. Growth factors must not have been used for at least one month prior to receiving the first dose of study drug.
OPIE in the Thin Interventricular Septum A Single Center Trial of On-pump Intracardiac Echocardiography (OPIE) in the Thin Interventricular Septum This is a follow up investigation to our previous study entitled "On-pump intraoperative echocardiography (OPIE)" (clinicaltrials.gov NCT03094325) whereby we determined that left ventricular septal thickness as measured by the OPIE technique correlates highly with traditional methods of transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography during septal myectomy for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. OPIE may be especially useful in patients with a thin ventricular septal thickness as adequate treatment may rely on mere millimeters of myocardial resection. We therefore propose a study in which OPIE is compared to transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography in patients with a thin interventricular septum. Subjects will receive the same perioperative care regardless of their involvement in the study. Patients who enroll in the study will undergo an additional intraoperative echocardiographic measurement that adds less than five minutes to total operative time. Inclusion Criteria: * All hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients, inclusive of male and female and all racial/ethnic origins, age 18 or older who are scheduled to receive a septal myectomy with a preoperative transthoracic echocardiograph suggesting an interventricular septal width of less than 2.0 cm. Exclusion Criteria: * Those hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients who are scheduled to receive a septal myectomy who are less than 18 years old or whose preoperative transthoracic echocardiograph suggests an interventricular septal width of greater than 2.0 cm.
Cardiac Computed Tomography (CT) Scan Compared to Transesophageal Echocardiogram (TEE) in Endocarditis A Novel Modality of Cardiac CT in Characterization of Acute Infective Endocarditis The purpose of this study is to assess the effectiveness of cardiac CT versus TEE in endocarditis patients. Inclusion Criteria: * Acute endocarditis with positive TEE Exclusion Criteria: * Renal failure * Contrast dye allergy * Beta-blocker allergy
Cigarette Smoking Decision Study Cigarette Smoking Decision Study The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act granted the FDA the authority to regulate and restrict tobacco advertising tactics that inaccurately convey reduced product risk, yet there is a dearth of up-to-date regulatory science to inform such regulations. Although the FDA has restricted use of descriptors such as "natural" and "additive-free," research shows that the tobacco industry quickly pivoted to increase use of alternative, unregulated tactics. Greenwashing is one increasingly common tobacco marketing strategy in which products are portrayed as eco-friendly and/or natural. The investigators' preliminary research indicates that greenwashing tactics may inaccurately convey modified product risk to consumers. The overarching objective of this project is to test the effect of greenwashing methods used by cigarette companies to market products on actual smoking behavior in a controlled laboratory study. The investigators' proposed research focuses on young adults (age 18-29), because this is a key age for smoking initiation and escalation, and research has found that young adults may be more susceptible than older adults to greenwashing in cigarette ads. This study will test the effect of greenwashing on behavioral economic demand and smoking topography in a laboratory-controlled cigarette self-administration study. These data will clearly connect tobacco advertising features to product risk perceptions and actual smoking behavior. This work will provide FDA with an integrated set of evidence that identifies misleading greenwashing tactics that inaccurately convey modified product risk which can be used to inform regulatory action regarding restrictions of this type of advertising. Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18 - 29 years of age * Smoke at least five cigarettes per day * Have an expired carbon monoxide level of more than 8 ppm or a urinary cotinine level of more than 100 ng per milliliter Exclusion Criteria: * The intention to quit smoking in the next 30 days * Report "roll your own" cigarettes as an exclusive form of smoking * A serious medical or psychiatric disorder or unstable condition * Any positive toxicological screening for illicit drugs other than cannabis will be excluded * Women who are pregnant, plan to become pregnant or are breast-feeding
Effectiveness of Sealants and Fluoride Varnish in Caries Prevention in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorders A Long-term Retrospective Cohort Study in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorders on the Effectiveness of Dental Sealants and Fluoride Varnish to Prevent the Occurrence of New Caries The aim of the study is to compare application of sealants together with fluoride varnishes versus only fluoride varnishes in preventing caries lesions development in the occlusal surface of first permanent molars of children with ASDs. The aim of the study is to evaluate if the application of pit and fissure sealants together with fluoride varnishes is more effective than the application of the only fluoride varnishes in preventing caries lesions development in the occlusal surface of first permanent molars of children with ASDs. Patients with at least 10-year follow-up and ASDs are recruited and allocated to two cohort according to the strategy adopted for prevention of caries in first permanent molars: FA group (only fluoride varnishes) and FA+S group (sealants together with fluoride varnishes). Caries incidence and sealants retention after the follow-up period are recorded. Demographic and clinical characteristics of patients at first dental visit are also recorded (age, level of cooperation, presence of systemic diseases other than ASDs, caries severity) to evaluate if they play a potential protective and/or risk factors for caries development. Logistic and multivariate analysis are run to evaluate caries incidence and retention rate of sealants in first permanent molars over a period of at least 10 years. Inclusion Criteria: * ASDs * age less than 14 years * written declaration of informed consent signed by parents/guardians Exclusion Criteria: * incomplete clinical records * missing five or more dental check-ups over the follow-up period * oral or dental care provided in sedation or general anesthesia * follow-up less than 15 years
Study of a Bupivacaine Patch (Eladur™) to Treat Post- Herpetic Neuralgia A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, Two-Way Cross-Over Study of Analgesic Efficacy of Bupivacaine Transdermal Therapeutic System in Patients With Post-Herpetic Neuralgia Neuropathic pain is caused by a virus commonly associated with chicken pox. This virus may become dormant in the nervous system and later reactivate causing herpes zoster, also known as "shingles". Post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN) is a persistent pain in the area of healed skin lesions. This study will test the safety and efficacy of treating PHN patients with the analgesic patch, Bupivacaine TTS (Eladur™). Inclusion Criteria: * Male or females age 21 years or older. * Pain in thoracic or lumbar regions for a minimum of 90 days after crusting of Herpes Zoster (HZ) lesions. * Stable prescribed medications regimen (including opioids, anticonvulsants, and tricyclic antidepressants). * Intact, unbroken skin over the painful area to be treated. * Body Mass Index (BMI) no more than 35 kg/m2. Exclusion Criteria: * Active HZ lesions, dermatitis, Central Nervous System (CNS) injury. * Any immunosuppressed condition, including but not limited to AIDS/HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma. * Pain control by nerve block or neurosurgical intervention. * Evidence of clinically significant hepatic, gastrointestinal, renal, hematologic, urologic, neurologic, respiratory, endocrine or cardiovascular system abnormalities, psychiatric disorders, or acute infection. * Connective tissue disorders (systemic lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, mixed connective tissue disease). * Recent use (within 30 days preceding the first treatment visit) of any topically applied pain medication, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, menthol, methyl salicylate, local anesthetics (including Lidoderm®), steroids or capsaicin products on the painful areas. * Significant pain of an etiology other than PHN, for example, compression-related neuropathies (e.g., spinal stenosis), fibromyalgia or arthritis. Patients must not have significant ongoing pain from other cause(s) that may interfere with judging PHN related pain. * Participation in a clinical trial of an investigational product or device within 30 days of the screening visit or concurrently during the conduct of this study.
Efficiency of Soft Tissue Diode Laser Application on Healing of Periapical Tissues Efficiency of Soft Tissue Diode Laser Application on Healing of Periapical Tissues (A Randomized Clinical Trial) Study is a Randomized clinical trial conducted at Endodontic department- Ain Shams university Cairo. Egypt. 24 eligible patients were selected and included in the study to compare healing ability of soft tissue diode laser application versus conventional root canal treatment using CBCT Sample size is 24 24 Patients were randomly distributed in 2 groups , one group of patients received soft tissue laser therapy after root canal treatment and the other group received no treatment just conventional RCT. • Patients were equally divided into 2 groups (n=12 in each group ) The study in a Single blinded RCT , Numbers for patients will be generated and distributed randomly in a table on an Excel sheet, and in front of each number either a letter (C) for control or (I) for intervention will be typed After patients were selected in the study they will be asked to fill in a consent form , that states that they are part of a clinical trial and that they may or may not have a laser session following root canal treatment Group A Soft tissue laser application : Endodontically treated teeth were targeted by virtue of a dental applicator positioned at a right angle to the mucosa at the level of the apices. Application of the laser probe were applied to both the buccal and lingual mucosae overlying the apices of the target tooth. Total exposure time for each tooth was 60 seconds (a dose = 70 j/cm2 for analgesia) by the co-investigator The laser unit used in this study will be a diode laser (Lite Medics 1.00 Watt serial number 148 Ver.SwvM. 150VS108VT.100) of wavelength 980nm and Max power 15 WCW Class IV Laser Product ) in continuous wave mode Group B : Placebo : conventional root canal treatment : mock laser intervention A CBCT was taken preoperative and after 12 month postoperative, both linear and volumetric measurements were calculated Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients age between 18-50 years * Medically free patients. * Patients suffering from acute or chronic infection with symptomatic apical periodontitis with Necrotic pulp * Preoperative Pain * Sensitivity to percussion * Periapical radiographic X-ray showing periapical lesion with no gutta percha in canal * Occlusal contact with opposing teeth Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnant females. * Patients having a significant systemic disorder or history of drug abuse * Patients who had administrated analgesics or antibiotics during the last 12 hours preoperatively. * Patients having bruxism or clenching * Teeth having: * No occlusal contact * No sensitivity to percussion * Greater than grade I mobility. * Pocket depth greater than 5mm. * No possible restorability * Procedural errors * Previous Root canal treatment * Open apex
An Evaluation of Non-invasive ICP Monitoring in Patients Undergoing Routine Care An Evaluation of Non-invasive ICP Monitoring in Patients Undergoing Routine Care The HS-1000 device, an investigational intracranial monitoring device, has the potential to safely and quickly diagnose and assess stroke (and potentially other neurologic conditions) with minimal discomfort to patients. HS-1000 has the capability to establish cerebral hemodynamic measurements in suspected stroke within minutes, assist with appropriate management of stroke, and also provide an objective diagnostic tool for clinicians to monitor recovery. A prospective study will be conducted on patients with suspected stroke and/or acute neurologic changes treated at the Armenia Republican Medical Center. Male and Female patients over the age of 18 will be eligible for enrollment into the study. Eligible patients or their legally authorized representative (LAR) will be approached for consent to participate in the study. An initial recording session using the HeadSense HS-1000 device will be obtained upon admission to the hospital. During the admission, 2-4 additional recording sessions with the HS-1000 will be completed. The end-point of the study is to collect up to 30-minute recording with up to 5 sessions of adequate quality for analysis from up to 200 subjects. This data will be correlated with clinical findings obtained during the patient's diagnosis and treatment course. An ease-of-use questionnaire will be administered to the HS-1000 device operator(s) to obtain information regarding the function and workflow aspects of using the HS-1000 in an acute setting to improve assessment, diagnosis and treatment after stroke. The data obtained from the HS-1000 recordings will be analyzed to establish specific waveform patterns correlated with brain physiology after stroke. Inclusion Criteria: * Male and female subjects, \> 18 years of age * Subjects with suspected stroke and/or acute neurologic changes admitted to Armenia Republican Medical Center * Subject or legally authorized representative (per local regulation) is able and willing to comply with the requirements of the protocol * Subject or legally authorized representative (per local regulation) is able to understand and sign written informed consent to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * Local ear infection * Known allergy or hypersensitivity to any of the test materials or contraindication to test materials * Subjects currently enrolled in or less than 30 days post-participation in other investigational device or drug study(s), or receiving other investigational agent(s) * Any condition that may jeopardize study participation (e.g., abnormal clinical or laboratory finding) or interpretation of study results, or may impede the ability to obtain informed consent (e.g., mental condition)
Using Genomic Analysis to Guide Individual Treatment in Glioblastoma Using Genomic Analysis to Guide Individual Treatment in Glioblastoma The purpose of this study is to assess whether the use of genomics can help identify patient specific treatment choices in cancer. In order to test this, the investigators plan to use genomic sequencing technology to identify patient specific mutations in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) as compared to normal cells to identify mutations. Further analysis will identify potential treatment targets and whether there are any drugs that could be used for these particular mutations. Follow up clinical data will be assessed to see if this individualized method of choosing treatment options can improve clinical outcomes in patients with GBM. The purpose of the study is to assess whether the use of genomics can identify patient specific treatment choices in glioblastoma (GBM) that improves clinical outcomes over standard of care. GBM is a devastating disease, the most common primary brain tumor and the most aggressive. With current standard therapy, which includes surgery, radiation therapy, and chemotherapy with temozolomide, the median survival is only 14.6 months. Once patients fail temozolomide, there are no other proven therapies, although other chemotherapies, bevacizumab, and tyrosine kinase inhibitors are often tried. Because tumors are different between patients, outcomes vary among patients. For example, temozolomide, though recommended to all patients with GBM as the only chemotherapy to improve survival, is also known not to be effective in patients with o6-methylguanine-DNA-methyltransferase (MGMT) unmethylated tumors. This example underscores the idea that if each tumor is different, and that perhaps there would be better outcomes if each tumor was treated uniquely. Genomic sequencing is a technology that can be employed to identify specific characteristics of each tumor as compared to healthy cells. Since 2008, genomic sequencing technology has advanced significantly, having entered the era of next generation sequencing, and simultaneously, the cost of using this technology has dramatically decreased, nearing the cost of some currently used diagnostic tests such as MRI. In this study, the investigators plan to assess the usefulness of this technology and its analysis as a method of guiding treatment choices for the individual patient with GBM. The investigators plan to sequence tumor/normal from GBM patients to identify mutations. The mutations will be analyzed for potential drug targets for treatment and recommendations for treatment will be suggested if any are identified. If the clinician implements the recommendations, clinical follow up data will be collected. The investigators will compare clinical outcomes, such as survival to historical controls undergoing standard of care treatment to assess whether this genomic guided, individualized therapy determination improves these measures. In addition, the investigators plan to use next generation sequencing methods to determine whether the presence of brain messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) and miRNA can be detected in the peripheral blood and whether there is biological relevance to their presence if detected. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically confirmed glioblastoma multiforme * Enough tumor tissue available from initial surgery to obtain at least 5 ug DNA and 5 ug RNA * Sufficient blood sample to obtain 5 ug DNA and 5 ug RNA * Karnofsky score at least 60 * Life expectancy at least 6 months Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects not interested in further treatment of their brain tumor
Sunnaas International Network´s Stroke Study A Prospective Multicenter Study of Stroke Rehabilitation in Seven Countries: Norway, China, USA, Russia, Israel, Palestine, and Sweden. A descriptive study of the stroke rehabilitation content in specialized clinics in seven countries: procedures for admission to rehabilitation, services available and provided to patients, as well as duration of the stay and discharge routines. An observational study of changes in regard to the physical function, quality of life and psycho-social factors in stroke patients before and after specialized rehabilitation The descriptive study is two folded: 1) Description of the rehabilitation centers and the content the respective clinic presents as specialized rehabilitation. A description of the expected change this input will result in in form of patients change in ADL and life satisfaction, with repeated measurements: 2a) reports of change in activities of daily living from baseline, to one fixed time (18-22 days in rehab),at discharge (which will vary),6 and 12 months post discharge (relatively fixed time) . 2b) reports of possible change in life satisfaction at baseline, discharge, 6 and 12 months after discharge. Since the times for admission is expected to vary, which will be described under 1),we also want to measure if and how this difference might influence results. Therefore a fixed measure is inserted between admission and discharge. we have added a "relatively" fixed date at 6 months post stroke in order to see if change of function from specialized rehabilitation will differ in a longitudinal perspective, and if possible to see if the difference in time to admission (time from debut till admission in specialized rehabilitation)might influence results. 3) description of psycho- social factors at 6 and 12 months post discharge Inclusion Criteria: * primary diagnosis of stroke, in need of specialized comprehensive rehabilitation, voluntary participation Exclusion Criteria: * sub-arachnoid hæmorrhage, tumor or other severe medical condition in combination with stroke that will influence outcomes
DORADO-AC - Optimized Doses of Darusentan as Compared to an Active Control in Resistant Hypertension A Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active-Controlled, Multi-center, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Darusentan in Subjects With Resistant Hypertension Receiving Combination Therapy With Three or More Antihypertensive Drugs, Including a Diuretic, as Compared to Guanfacine or Placebo (Protocol DAR-312) This is a randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active-controlled study of a new experimental drug called darusentan. Darusentan is not currently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which means that a doctor cannot prescribe this drug. The purpose of this study is to determine if darusentan is effective in reducing systolic and diastolic hypertension despite treatment with full doses of three or more antihypertensive drugs, including a diuretic. Subjects will be randomized to darusentan (optimized dose), an active comparator, or placebo, administered orally. The treatment period for this trial is 14 weeks. SELECTED INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Subjects who are competent to provide written consent; 2. Aged 35 to 80 years; 3. Subjects with diabetes and/or chronic kidney disease must have an average sitting systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 130 mmHg; 4. All other subjects must have an average sitting systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 140 mmHg; 5. Receiving and adhering to full doses of appropriate guideline-recommended antihypertensive drugs from three different classes of antihypertensive agents, including a diuretic; 6. Female subjects of non-childbearing potential (i.e., post-menopausal for at least 2 years or surgically sterile). SELECTED EXCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Average sitting systolic and diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 180 mmHg and 110 mmHg, respectively; 2. Subjects treated with a central alpha-2 agonist and/or imidazoline receptor agonist; 3. Left ventricular dysfunction; 4. Serum ALT or AST greater than 2 times the Upper Limit of Normal; 5. Subjects who have experienced myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris, or a cerebrovascular accident within 6 months; or sick sinus syndrome or second or third degree atrioventricular block, atrial fibrillation or recurrent atrial tachycardia, recurrent ventricular tachycardia, or symptomatic bradycardia; 6. Implanted pacemakers or cardioverter defibrillator; 7. Symptomatic congestive heart failure requiring treatment; 8. Hemodynamically significant valvular heart disease; 9. Hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis, or history of renal transplant; 10. Type I diabetes mellitus; 11. Diagnosis or recurrence of malignancy within the past 3 years; 12. Sleep apnea, unless a recent sleep study demonstrated arterial oxygenation saturation greater than or equal to 90%, treated or untreated; 13. Subjects who perform alternating shift or night work; 14. Subjects who have participated in a clinical study involving another investigational drug or device within 4 weeks prior to Screening
Pilot Ipilimumab in Stage IV Melanoma Receiving Palliative Radiation Therapy A Pilot Study of Ipilimumab in Subjects With Stage IV Melanoma Receiving Palliative Radiation Therapy To determine the safety of local palliative radiation therapy used in combination with anti-CTLA-4 immunotherapy. This is a single institution, open-label, pilot study of palliative radiation therapy (RT) combined with ipilimumab in patients with stage IV melanoma. The primary objective of this study is to assess the safety of combining ipilimumab with palliative RT in patients with Stage IV melanoma. Secondary objectives are a) to assess the induction of anti-melanoma immune responses using laboratory correlative studies of T cell responses to melanoma antigens, and b) to compare tumor response rates and duration of response at unirradiated sites with responses in patients with Stage IV disease treated with ipilimumab alone on expanded access study CA184045. In this study, ipilimumab will be administered as recently approved by the FDA (3 mg/kg iv every 3 weeks for a total of 4 treatments). Palliative RT will start within 2 days of the first ipilimumab dose. Patients will be seen at least every 12 weeks for follow-up following completion of ipilimumab therapy until progression of disease by imaging criteria or increased symptomatology that requires another therapy. A total of 20 patients with previously treated unresectable metastatic melanoma requiring palliative radiation therapy will be treated on this pilot study over approximately 18 months. All subjects who receive study drug will be monitored for safety. Relevant tumor imaging studies will be obtained at baseline, 2-4 weeks following the 4th/last dose of ipilimumab, and then every 12 weeks until disease progression. This study will provide the safety data (and possibly early efficacy signals) needed to proceed with a randomized Phase II study for proof of principle. If compelling data is obtained supporting this IT + RT vaccine strategy, this approach will be extended to other solid tumor types. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Signed Written Informed Consent Before any study procedures are performed, subjects (or their legally acceptable representatives) will have the details of the study described to them, and they will be given a written informed consent document to read. Then, if subjects consent to participate in the study, they will indicate that consent by signing and dating the informed consent document in the presence of study personnel. 2. Target Population * Histologically confirmed Stage IV melanoma. * Must have failed at least one systemic therapy for malignant melanoma or be intolerant to at least one prior systemic treatment. * Subjects with asymptomatic brain metastases are eligible. (Systemic steroids should be avoided if possible, or the subject should be stable on the lowest clinically effective dose, as steroids as they may interfere with the activity of ipilimumab if administered at the time of the first ipilimumab dose.) * Primary ocular and mucosal melanomas are allowed. * Must be at least 28 days since treatment with chemotherapy, biochemotherapy, surgery, radiation, or immunotherapy, and recovered from any clinically significant toxicity experienced during treatment. * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0, 1, or 2. * Life expectancy of ≥ 16 weeks. * Subjects must have baseline (screening/baseline) radiographic images, (e.g. brain, chest, abdomen, pelvis, and bone scans with specific imaging tests to be determined by the attending physician) within 6 weeks of initiation of ipilimumab. * Required values for initial laboratory tests: * White blood cell (WBC) ≥ 2000/uL (\~ 2 x 10\^9/L) * Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) ≥ 1000/uL (\~ 1 x 10\^9/L) * Platelets ≥ 75 x 10\^3/uL (\~ 75 x 10\^9/L) * Hemoglobin ≥ 9 g/dL (\~ 80 g/L; may be transfused) * Creatinine \~ 2 x upper limit of normal (ULN) * Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) / alanine aminotransferase (ALT) \~ 2.5 x ULN for subjects without liver metastasis \~ 5 times for liver metastases * Bilirubin: \~ 2.0 x ULN (except for subjects with Gilbert's Syndrome, who must have a total bilirubin of \< 3.0 mg/dL) * No active or chronic infection with HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C. * Two or more measurable sites of disease (≥ 1.5 cm) which include the disease site that requires palliative radiation therapy as well as ≥ 1 other disease site outside of the planned radiation therapy field. 3. Age and Sex * Men and women, at least 18 years of age. * Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using an adequate method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study \[and for up to 26 weeks after the last dose of investigational product\] in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized. * WOCBP include any female who has experienced menarche and who has undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or is not postmenopausal. Post-menopausal is defined as: * Amenorrhea ≥ 12 consecutive months without another cause, or * For women with irregular menstrual periods and on hormone replacement therapy (HRT), a documented serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) level \> 35 mIU/mL * Women who are using oral contraceptives, other hormonal contraceptives (vaginal products, skin patches, or implanted or injectable products), or mechanical products such as an intrauterine device or barrier methods (diaphragm, condoms, spermicides) to prevent pregnancy, or are practicing abstinence or where their partner is sterile (eg, vasectomy) should be considered to be of childbearing potential. WOCBP must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test (minimum sensitivity 25 IU/L or equivalent units of HCG) within 72 hours prior to the start of investigational product. c) Men of fathering potential must be using an adequate method of contraception to avoid conception throughout the study \[and for up to 26 weeks after the last dose of investigational product\] in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Sex and Reproductive Status * WOCBP who are unwilling or unable to use an acceptable method to avoid pregnancy for the entire study and for up to 8 weeks after the last dose of investigational product. * WOCBP using a prohibited contraceptive method. * Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding. * Women with a positive pregnancy test on enrollment or before investigational product administration. 2. Target Disease Exceptions * Subjects on any other systemic therapy for cancer, including any other experimental treatment. * Prior treatment with an anti-CTLA-4 antibody if treatment failure was due to adverse events (AEs). If a subject was discontinued from the prior anti-CTLA-4 treatment due to an AE or serious adverse event (SAE), regardless of the type of event, that discontinuation constitutes an exclusion criterion. If AEs were serious enough to require a subject's withdrawal from prior treatment, the subject should be excluded from this study. * A history of AEs with prior IL-2 or Interferon will not preclude subjects from entering the current study. * Subjects who relapsed in study MDX010-16 are not eligible for this study. 3. Medical History and Concurrent Diseases * Autoimmune disease: subjects with a documented history of inflammatory bowel disease, including ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease are excluded from this study as are subjects with a history of symptomatic disease (eg, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic progressive sclerosis \[scleroderma\]; systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE); autoimmune vasculitis \[eg, Wegener's Granulomatosis\]). Subjects with motor neuropathy considered of autoimmune origin (eg, Guillain-Barre Syndrome and Myasthenia Gravis) are excluded from this study. * Any subject who has a life-threatening condition that requires high-dose immunosuppressant(s) * Presence of known Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C infection, regardless of control on antiviral therapy * Subjects with melanoma who have another active, concurrent, malignant disease are not eligible for the CA184045 study, with the exception of subjects with adequately treated basal or squamous cell skin cancer, superficial bladder cancer, or carcinoma in situ of the cervix. 4. Medical History and Concurrent Diseases * Prisoners or subjects who are involuntarily incarcerated. * Subjects who are compulsorily detained for treatment of either a psychiatric or physical (eg, infectious disease) illness. * Any underlying medical or psychiatric condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, could make the administration of ipilimumab hazardous or could obscure the interpretation of adverse events. * Any non-oncology vaccine therapy used for prevention of infectious diseases for up to 4 weeks before or after any dose of ipilimumab, with the exceptions of amantadine and flumadine. * Central nervous system (CNS) metastases that require palliative radiation therapy; prior brain irradiation is allowed providing CNS disease is stable. 5. Additional Concomitant Treatments * Any investigational agents * Any other (non-CA184045 related) CTLA-4 inhibitors or agonists * CD137 agonists * Immunosuppressive agents (unless required for treating potential AEs) * Chronic systemic corticosteroids (unless required for treating treatment emergent AEs or required for management of signs or symptoms due to brain metastases, upon discussion with BMS medical monitor). Eligibility criteria for this study have been carefully considered to ensure the safety of the study subjects and to ensure that the results of the study can be used. It is imperative that subjects fully meet all eligibility criteria.
Sayana-Uniject Volumetric Delivery Quantitative Determination of the Volume of Suspension Delivered Via the Uniject Delivery System Following Simulated Subcutaneous Injection by Healthcare Professionals Into a Synthetic Subcutaneous Injection Training Device The purpose of this study is to determine the volumetric delivery of the Uniject. Observe subjects deliver the drug None used Inclusion Criteria: * Nurses Exclusion Criteria: * Non-nurses
Effect of Air-tamponade on Intraretinal Cystoid Changes After Membrane Peeling Effect of Air-tamponade on Intraretinal Cystoid Changes After Vitrectomy With Membrane Peeling Patients with intraretinal cystoid changes before scheduled membrane peeling for epiretinal membranes are included. Patients are randomized for balanced salt solution (BSS) or air-tamponade. Patients with intraretinal cystoid changes before scheduled membrane peeling for epiretinal membranes are included. 23G-pars plana vitrectomy with membrane peeling is performed in all patients. Before surgery patients are randomized for BSS or air-tamponade. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is performed 5 days after and 3 months after surgery, visual acuity is measured 3 months after surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * epiretinal membranes and intraretinal cystoid changes Exclusion Criteria: * macular edema due to other reason than epiretinal membrane * hereditary ocular disease * pregnancy
The Adapting Disease Specific Outcome Measures Pilot Trial for Telehealth in Myasthenia Gravis The Adapting Disease Specific Outcome Measures Pilot Trial for Telehealth in Myasthenia Gravis (ADAPT-teleMG) The goal of this pilot study is to determine the reliability of myasthenia gravis (MG) specific outcome measures obtained during virtual encounters with patients with myasthenia gravis. The main question it aims to answer is: Are MG-specific outcome measures obtained during virtual encounters reliable? Participants will complete two virtual study visits in which they will be administered common MG-specific outcome measures and a newly developed outcome measure developed specifically for telemedicine assessments of MG patients. The purpose of this study is to better understand the use of modified clinical assessments during telehealth visits for patients with Myasthenia Gravis (MG). The study will consist of 2 virtual telemedicine visits. A screening visit will be conducted to optimize the telemedicine environment, provide training on the telemedicine platform being used in the study, and collect demographic, medical history, and medication information. Participants who meet eligibility requirements will have a telemedicine visit (Visit 1) with a study doctor where assessments adapted for the telemedicine environment will be performed. Participants will also be asked to fill out questionnaires related to MG or their experience with telemedicine either online or with the study investigators. A second visit (Visit 2), conducted within 3 days (+/- 1 day), will replicate the assessments performed in V1. Visit 1 and Visit 2 will be recorded for later review by study team members. The investigators hope to establish the effectiveness of these clinical tools in order to better manage MG in the future in clinical care and research study visits. Inclusion Criteria: * Has the capacity to understand and sign an informed consent form * Diagnosed with acquired autoimmune MG based on clinical syndrome and seropositivity for MG associated autoantibodies (AChR binding, MuSK, or LRP4 antibodies), and/or a decremental response on repetitive nerve stimulation, positive single-fiber electromyography or positive edrophonium test * Subject has been previously evaluated in a face-to-face clinical encounter at one of the participating study sites within the prior 3 years * Primary language is English, or equivalent level of English language fluency * Required disease severity range from asymptomatic-mild to moderate-severe as previously judged by the Investigator. Exclusion Criteria: * Inadequate technology for telehealth visits as assessed by the Investigator (e.g., no internet connection, no laptop/tablet with video capability, etc). Cellular phones are not acceptable. Subjects must use a laptop or tablet. * Is unable or unwilling to comply with the study procedures, including video recording, or telehealth visit. * Any significant medical/psychiatric condition that, in the opinion of the Investigator, may interfere with interpretation of subject evaluation(s) or protocol compliance * Known pregnancy * MGFA severity class IVb or V * Concurrent participation in an interventional clinical trial
Safety And Tolerability Of Lixisenatide In Monotherapy In Patients With Type 2 Diabetes An Open-label, Multicenter 24-Week And 52-Week Study Assessing The Safety And Tolerability Of Lixisenatide In Monotherapy In Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Primary Objective: To assess the overall safety of lixisenatide once daily treatment in monotherapy over 24 and 52 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes in Japan Secondary Objective: To assess the effects of lixisenatide once daily treatment in monotherapy over 24 and 52 weeks on: * HbA1c (Glycated hemoglobin A1c) reduction; * Fasting plasma glucose; * Body weight. * Group 1: 60 weeks ± 11 days * Group 2: 32 weeks ± 7 days Inclusion criteria: * Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus diagnosed for at least 2 months. * Not treated with anti-diabetic drug or treated with a stable dose of 1 oral anti-diabetic drug (OAD) for at least 3 months prior to screening visit. Previous OAD (if any) have to be stopped at Visit 1.1 to be washed out during the run-in period at least for 6 weeks; * Signed written informed consent. Exclusion criteria: * At screening * age \<20 years; * HbA1c \<7% or \>9.5% (for patients on OAD \<6.5% or \>8.5%); * fasting plasma glucose \>250 mg/dL (\>13.9 mmol/L); * Use of more than one OAD within 3 months prior to screening; * Use of Thiazolidinedione (TZD) within 6 months prior to screening; * Use of insulin within 3 months prior to screening; Note: Short time use (≤10 days) of insulin due to acute illness or surgery (eg, infectious disease) is allowed. * Any previous treatment with lixisenatide (eg, participation in a previous study with lixisenatide) or any other GLP-1 receptor agonist; * Type 1 diabetes mellitus * Women of childbearing potential with no effective contraceptive method; * Pregnancy or lactation; * Laboratory findings at the time of screening: oAmylase and/or lipase \>3 times the upper limit of the normal laboratory range (ULN); * ALT \>3 ULN; * Calcitonin ≥20 pg/mL (5.9 pmol/L); * Positive serum pregnancy test in women of childbearing potential; * History of acute or chronic pancreatitis, pancreatectomy, stomach/gastric surgery, inflammatory bowel disease; * Personal or immediate family history of medullary thyroid cancer (MTC) or genetic conditions that predispose to MTC (eg, multiple endocrine neoplasia syndromes); * Allergic reaction to metacresol. The above information is not intended to contain all considerations relevant to a patient's potential participation in a clinical trial.
Trial of AD113 and Atomoxetine in OSA Patients With Hypertension Randomized Double-Blind 2-Period Multiple Dose Crossover Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of AD113 vs Atomoxetine in OSA Patients With Hypertension This is a randomized, double blind, 2-period, non placebo-controlled crossover study in patients with moderate to severe OSA and controlled hypertension, comparing atomoxetine with AD113 The study is designed to examine the efficacy and safety of AD113 to treat obstructive sleep apnea with hypertension. The study is a two-period multi-dose randomized crossover design in which patients will undergo overnight polysomnographic (PSG) testing with dosing of one of the following 2 treatments: AD113 for 10 days or Atomoxetine for 10 days. Participants will return 1 week after their final crossover PSG for an end of study (EOS) Visit. Inclusion Criteria: * Between 25 to 65 years of age, inclusive, at the Screening Visit. * AHI 10 to 50 (hypopneas defined by 4% oxygen desaturation) * History of hypertension or blood pressure at Visit 1 ≥130/80 mmHg Exclusion Criteria: * History of narcolepsy. * Clinically significant craniofacial malformation. * Clinically significant cardiac disease (e.g., rhythm disturbances, coronary artery disease or cardiac failure) or hypertension requiring more than 2 medications for control. A medication for these purposes is defined by dosage form, such that a combination antihypertensive medication is considered 1 medication * CPAP should not be used for at least 2 weeks prior to first study PSG * History of using oral or nasal devices for the treatment of OSA may enroll as long as the devices are not used during participation in the study.
Smoothies and Blood Sugars Examining the Blood Sugar Response to Fruit Smoothie Consumption Glycaemic responses to fruit smoothies may depend on the food matrix (e.g., degree of processing and physical structure), ingestion rate, dose ingested and fibre content. Furthermore, the method of sampling could alter inferences. The aim of this project is to characterise how these factors affect the glycaemic response to a commercially available fruit smoothie. Participants will ingest 7 different test drinks in a randomised, crossover design with fingerstick capillary blood sampling alongside continuous glucose monitors. Test drinks will include a glucose reference (CONTROL), the commercial product matched for carbohydrate to CONTROL (PRODUCT), equivalent carbohydrate ingested as whole fruits (WHOLE), equivalent carbohydrate ingested as blended fruits (WHOLE), equivalent carbohydrate as the commercial product ingested slowly (SLOW), equivalent carbohydrate as the commercial product ingested with additional fibre (FIBRE), and the commercial product ingested in a dose typically bought (DOSE). These data will provide insight into how the food matrix and different patterns of ingestion can alter the glycaemic response to a fruit smoothie, and how the measurement method may alter interpretations. Inclusion Criteria: * Age: 18-65 years * Body mass index 18-30 kg/m2 Exclusion Criteria: * diagnosis of any form of diabetes * intolerances or allergies to any of the study procedures (e.g. fructose/inulin intolerance) * Fructose malabsorption * Inborn errors of fructose metabolism (e.g. fructokinase deficiency, aldolase B deficiency, fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase deficiency) * pregnant or lactating * any condition that could introduce bias to the study (e.g. diagnoses of lipid disorders, including cardiovascular disease, or therapies that alter lipid or glucose metabolism, such as statins or niacin).
The Effect of Intrauterine Lidocaine Infusion and Oral Tramadol on Pain During Diagnostic Office Hysteroscopy The Effect of Intrauterine Lidocaine Infusion and Oral Tramadol on Pain During Diagnostic Office Hysteroscopy in Postmenopausal Women: Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Study The purpose of this study is to compare the effectiveness of Tramadol and intrauterine lidocaine infusion in reducing pain during outpatient diagnostic hysteroscopy in postmenopausal women. The purpose of this study is to compare the effectiveness of Tramadol and intrauterine lidocaine infusion in reducing pain during outpatient diagnostic hysteroscopy in postmenopausal women. Postmenopausal Women undergoing outpatient hysteroscopy in Cairo university will be divided into three groups, the first group will receive Tramadol 5mg 1 hour before the procedure, the second group will receive 20 ml lidocaine in 1000 ml normal saline infusion during the procedure, and the third will receive a placebo. A visual analog scale will assess pain. Inclusion Criteria: * Menopausal patients with an indication for office hysteroscopy (postmenopausal bleeding or abnormal ultrasound findings) * Consent to the procedure Exclusion Criteria: * Positive Chlamydia culture. * patients who have an Allergy to local anesthesia or tramadol. * A previous adverse reaction to any of the drugs used in the study. * Patients were receiving any form of analgesia or current use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors. * Nulliparous patients and patients with cervical pathology, retroverted uterus (detected by transvaginal ultrasound), and previous cervical surgery. * Patients who have severe vaginal bleeding.
Long Term Immunity and Safety Following Vaccination With the JEV IC51 (IXIARO®, JESPECT®) in Pediatric Population In Non Endemic Countries. Uncontrolled, Ph3 FU-Study Long Term Immunity and Safety Following Vaccination With the Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine IC51(IXIARO®, JESPECT®) In a Pediatric Population in Non Endemic Countries. Uncontrolled, Phase 3 Follow-up Study The study investigates long-term immunity and safety of IC51 (IXIARO®, JESPECT®) in a pediatric population vaccinated in the parent study IC51-322. Inclusion Criteria: * Subjects who have received two vaccinations in study IC51 322. (2) Subjects who were enrolled as part of the immunogenicity subgroup of study IC51-322. * Male or female healthy subjects aged ≥ 9 months to \< 21 years at the time of enrolment into this study. * Written informed consent by the subject, the subject's legal representative(s), according to local requirements, and written informed assent of the subject, if applicable. Exclusion Criteria: * History of or clinical manifestation of any Flavivirus disease during study IC51-322. * Vaccination against JE virus (JEV) (except with IC51) at any time prior or planned during this study. * Participation in another study with an investigational product during study IC51-322 or IC51-324. * History of or development of any immunodeficiency including post-organtransplantation after inclusion into study IC51-322. * History of or development of an autoimmune disease during study IC51-322. * Administration of chronic (defined as more than 14 days) immunosuppressants or other immune-modifying medications started during study IC51-322 up to first visit of study IC51-324. (For corticosteroids this means prednisone or equivalent at \>= 0.05 mg/kg/day. Topical or inhaled steroids are allowed). * Known infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV). * Illicit drug use and/or a history of drug or alcohol addiction and/or current drug or alcohol addiction. * Inability or unwillingness by the legal representative(s) and/or the subject (where applicable) to provide informed consent/assent and to abide by the requirements of the study. * Persons who are committed to an institution (by virtue of an order issued either by the judicial or the administrative authorities).
PiB PET Scanning in Speech and Language Based Dementias PiB PET Scanning in Speech and Language Based Dementias The study is designed to determine whether there are clinical features that can be used as biomarkers to predict whether underlying Alzheimer's pathology is the cause of a speech and language based dementia. The primary hypothesis is that the proportion of patients who test positive for beta-amyloid deposition will vary across different speech and language based dementias. Speech and language based dementias (SLDs) (often referred to as primary progressive aphasias or PPA) are neurodegenerative diseases in which speech or language impairments are the most salient features of the disease and explain deficits in activities of daily living. Patients with SLDs may have poor grammar, prominent anomia, comprehension deficits, speech production and articulation problems, difficulty with repetition of words or sentences, word finding pauses, or a combination of all these features. The SLDs can be further divided into different subtypes. Up to 50% of patients with SLDs that go on to autopsy have shown Alzheimer type pathology where beta-amyloid deposition is observed; the rest have pathology consistent with frontotemporal lobar degeneration where beta-amyloid deposition is absent. Future disease modifying treatments that target beta-amyloid will most likely differ from treatments that do not target beta-amyloid. As a consequence, biomarkers are needed to differentiate patients with SLDs with and without beta-amyloid deposition. Little research has been done to identify biomarkers that could differentiate patients with SLDs with and without beta-amyloid, mainly because the gold standard to identify the presence of beta-amyloid has been pathological examination, which does not always occur, and may not occur until more than 10 years after onset. The recent development of \[N-methyl-11C\]2-(4'-methylaminophenyl)-6-hydroxybenzothiazole also known as 11C Pittsburgh Compound B or PiB is a solution to this problem since PiB allows the in vivo detection of beta-amyloid. Unfortunately, PiB is very expensive. The long term goal of our research is to develop a cost effective algorithmic approach to the evaluation and diagnosis of patients presenting with SLDs. The objective of the studies outlined in this proposal is to identify clinical, neuropsychological, or imaging biomarkers that are readily available, relatively inexpensive, and non-invasive that will allow the differentiation of patients with SLDs with and without beta-amyloid deposition. We will use PiB as an indicator of beta-amyloid pathology. Our proposal is predicated upon our strong preliminary data showing that clinical, neuropsychological and radiological features differ between patients with SLDs with and without beta-amyloid deposition. Our central hypothesis is that temporo-parietal lobe findings such as memory loss, visuospatial/perceptual impairment, parietal lobe atrophy on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and parietal lobe hypometabolism on \[18-F\]-fluoro-deoxy-glucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET), will be associated with beta-amyloid deposition (PiB positive status). On-the-other hand, frontal lobe features, such as apraxia of speech and behavioral and executive dysfunction, as well as extrapyramidal features such as Parkinsonism, will be associated with absence of beta-amyloid deposition (PiB negative status). The rationale for examining these clinical-imaging relationships is that successful predictions will provide a solid scientific foundation for the ultimate development of a cost effective algorithm to guide the diagnosis of SLDs. Patients found to be eligible and willing to enroll in this study will be asked to undergo a Neurologic Examination, a Speech Pathology Consultation, Neuropsychometric testing, an MRI scan, an FDG PET scan and a PiB PET scan of the brain. This will be done over a period of two days at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN. Inclusion Criteria: * Over the age of 18 * Has an informant/study partner who will be able to provide independent evaluation of functioning * Speaks English as their primary language (including bilingual patients whose primary language is English) * Fulfills diagnostic criteria for PPA (Primary Progressive Aphasia) or Progressive Apraxia of Speech * Agrees to and is eligible to undergo MRI and PET scanning * If woman of child bearing age, pt must agree to pregnancy test no more than 48 hours before the PET scans Exclusion Criteria: * Any concurrent illnesses that could account for speech and language deficits, such as: * traumatic brain injury, strokes and developmental syndromes * patients meeting criteria for another neurodegenerative disease (Alzheimer's Disease, Dementia with Lewy Bodies, behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia, progressive supranuclear palsy, corticobasal degeneration) * Women who is pregnant or post-partum and breast-feeding * Patients for which MRI is contraindicated (metal in head, cardiac pace maker, etc.), if there is severe claustrophobia, if there are conditions that may confound brain imaging studies (e.g. structural abnormalities, including subdural hematoma or intracranial neoplasm), or if they are medically unstable or are on medications that might affect brain structure or metabolism,(e.g. chemotherapy) * Patient is mute (secondary to dysarthria only)
Cardiac Fibrosis and Risk Prediction in Cancer Treatment-Related Cardiotoxicity Cardiac Fibrosis and Risk Prediction in Cancer Treatment-Related Cardiotoxicity The purpose of this study is to determine whether pre-existing cardiac fibrosis is a predictor of cancer treatment-related cardiotoxicity. Inclusion Criteria: * Stage I-III breast cancer or lymphoma with a \>2 year life expectancy * A treatment plan that includes anthracyclines and/or trastuzumab * Age \>45 years * Able to hold breath for 10 seconds * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 or 1 Exclusion Criteria: * Refusal or inability to provide informed consent * Known heart failure or LVEF \<50% * Heart rate over 100 bpm * Renal dysfunction with GFR \<30 mL/min/1.73m2 * Participants with pacemakers, defibrillators, functioning neurostimulator devices or other implanted electronic devices * Symptomatic claustrophobia * Plans to move within 24 months of enrollment
Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Acupoint Stimulation on Sleep After Thoracoscopic Surgery Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Acupoint Stimulation on Sleep After Thoracoscopic Surgery General anesthesia is a medically induced state of low reactivity consciousness which is similar to natural sleep.Some studies found that general anesthesia as an independent risk factor could result in a desynchronization of the circadian time structure and cause postoperative sleep disorders characterized by reduced rapid eye movement (REM) and slow wave sleep (SWS),which have signiﬁcant deleterious impacts on postoperative outcomes, such as postoperative fatigue, severe anxiety and depression, emotional detachment and delirium, and even pain sensitivity or postoperative pain of patients.Acupuncture can regulate plant nerve activity by increasing slow-wave sleep time to improve sleep quality.The results of polysomnography monitoring showed that the sleep latency, total sleep time, awakening index and sleep quality were all significant improved after acupuncture treatment.And transcutaneous electrical acupoint stimulation（TAES） works by stimulating Shu yu acupoints, which is more convenient than the normal electric acupuncture. The purpose of this paper is to study the effect of TAES on sleep after thoracoscopic surgery In TEAS group, an experienced acupuncturist performed 30 minutes of TEAS treatment at the HT7 (Shenmen) and Neiguan (PC6) acupoints on bilateral side, which were identiﬁed in accordance with the TCM anatomic localizations on the first night before surgery by a stimulator (Hwato Electronic Acupuncture Treatment Instrument, model no.: SDZ-II; Suzhou Medical Appliances Co. Ltd, Suzhou, China). And after surgery, ST36 (Zusanli) and LI4 (Hegu) acupoints were added for the effect of relieving postoperative complications. 30 minutes of TEAS treatment was also performed on bilateral side by an experienced acupuncturist at the Neiguan (PC6), HT7 (Shenmen), ST36 (Zusanli) and LI4 (Hegu) acupoints on the first three nights after surgery. The TEAS was standardized before each treatment and was set at 2/10 HZ, which has been documented as the most effective frequency. The optimal intensity is from 6 to 15mA, which was adjusted according to individual maximum tolerance to maintain a slight twitching of the regional muscles. Patients in the control group were attached the gel electrodes at the sham acupoints. The acupuncture points were to be stimulated by microcurrents generated by a special electrical device, which the patients may only experience a mild electric current sensation or nothing at all. Inclusion Criteria: * ASA ( American Society of Anesthesiologists):I-II * age for 18-75 years Exclusion Criteria: * History of central nervous system and mental illness * use of sedatives or antidepressants * infection or wound at the percutaneous acupuncture point * unwilling to participate
Accessible HCV Care Intervention for People Who Inject Illicit Drugs (PWID) Accessible Care Intervention for Engaging People Who Inject Illicit Drugs in HCV Care The proposed study will examine the feasibility, acceptability, safety, effectiveness, and cost of an Accessible Care intervention for engaging people who inject illicit drugs (PWID) in hepatitis C care. Accessible Care for PWID is low-threshold care provided in programs designed specifically for PWID where they can comfortably access care without fear of shame or stigma. Accessible Care will be provided by co-locating a hepatitis treatment provider, together with a Hepatitis C Care Coordinator (HCCC), on-site at a collaborating needle exchange program. The proposed study will compare the effectiveness of Accessible Care with Usual Care (referrals to existing services) in facilitating linkage, engagement, and retention of PWID in care for hepatitis C, addiction, and HIV prevention. The primary outcome is sustained virologic response, which constitutes virologic cure. Substance use and HIV and HCV risk behaviors are secondary outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: 1. 18 years or older, 2. injected heroin, cocaine, or other drugs in the past 90 days. 3. test HCV Ab and RNA positive 4. provide written consent (including consent for researchers to examine their hepatitis C medical records) Exclusion Criteria: Persons already in care for hepatitis C, defined as having had at least 2 visits with a hepatitis treatment provider within the past 6 months, will be excluded. People with decompensated cirrhosis will be excluded.
Efficacy and Safety of Tripterygium Wilfordii in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Evaluation of Oral T2 (Chloroform/Methanol Extract of Tripterygium Wilfordii Hook F) in the Treatment of RA Patients With Clinical Efficacy and Safety. Evaluation of oral T2 (chloroform/methanol extract of Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F) in the treatment of RA patients with clinical efficacy and safety.Open-labeled, randomized, prospective multi-center clinical trial. Observation period of 24 weeks. Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18-65 years with informed consent * Diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis as determined by meeting the 2010 ACR/EULAR classification criteria and has had rheumatoid arthritis for at least 6 weeks * Swollen joint (SJC)≥3 and tender joint count(TJC)≥5 * ESR \>28 mm/hr or C-reactive protein \> 20 mg/L Exclusion Criteria: * Pregnant, lactating or further fertility requirements * Previous treated with methotrexate or biologic DMARD. * Active or chronic infection, including HIV, HCV, HBV, tuberculosis * Patient with cancer
Surgical Management of Knee Septic Arthritis Open vs Arthroscopic Treatment of Septic Arthritis in the Adult Native Knee: A Prospective Trial Surgical excisional debridement is the mainstay of management in septic arthritis with necessary decompression, lavage, debridement, and partial synovectomy. However, there has been considerable debate over the optimal modality. Most surgeons perform an open arthrotomy or arthroscopic debridement, although serial aspiration can be considered as an option in very limited circumstances with patients who cannot tolerate surgery. While open arthrotomy has been often utilized, there has been an increasing number of proponents for arthroscopic treatment citing lower re-infection rates and better functional outcomes. However, there has been a lack of well-designed prospective studies comparing surgical treatment modalities for native knee septic arthritis. The goals of this present study are to determine if arthroscopic management of septic arthritis in the native knee resulted in a lower number of surgeries and a shorter length of stay compared to open arthrotomy. Secondary outcomes included differences in postoperative pain and improvements in Lysholm knee scores. Inclusion Criteria: * Adults (\>18 years old) * Have a diagnosis of septic arthritis of the native knee (synovial WBC \>50k or acrystalline elevated synovial WBC \>25,000 with high clinical suspicion) * Willingness to participate in the study Exclusion Criteria: * Unwilling to participate in the study * Acrystalline elevated synovial WBC \< 25,000 * Crystalline arthropathy with elevated synovial WBC but \< 50,000 * Have a history of a prior knee prosthesis (hemiarthroplasty, total knee arthroplasty)
Immunopathology of Polymyalgia Rheumatica on Shoulder Bursae's Biopsies Beyond Analysis Of Blood Sample, to Approach Immunopathology of Polymyalgia Rheumatica on Shoulder Bursae's Biopsies: the BAOBAB Study The work carried out at the Brest University Hospital on serum immunological changes in patients with polymyalgia rheumatica (PMR) (based on clinical protocols TENOR, SEMAPHORE, THEN) made it possible to describe the changes in the distribution of lymphocyte subpopulations and cytokine levels during PPR, before and then under treatment compared to controls. However, in systemic autoimmune or inflammatory pathologies, serum immunological mechanisms are rarely a reflection of intra-tissue mechanisms. In the specific case of PMR, there are few data concerning muscular or joint immunological modifications. The investigators now wish to study the immunological modifications occurring at the tissue sites of interest, in particular in the shoulder bursae For everyone : * Signed consent * Patients over 50 Inclusion criteria : For case patients: * Addressed for PMR (diagnosis OR relapse) * Score greater than or equal to 4 (without ultrasound criteria) or greater than or equal to 6 (with ultrasound criteria), according to the ACR / EULAR 2012 criteria for polymyalgia rheumatica, and suffering from bilateral scapular pain as well as an increased CRP level . * Thickening of more than 2mm at least one shoulder bursae in ultrasound * DAS-PPR\> = 10 For witnesses: - Shoulder surgery scheduled for mechanical pathology Exclusion criteria : For everyone : * MRI with Gadolinium injection in the previous month- Clinical or paraclinical signs of giant cell arteritis * Patient under protective measure or unable to consent * Active cancer * Active infection For the cases: - History of biotherapy treatment For witnesses: * History of inflammatory rheumatism * Active inflammatory rheumatism
PKU Carriers Trial (Pilot Study): Impact on Cognition, Mental Health, Blood Pressure and Metabolism A Pilot Study for the PKU Carriers Trial: Evaluating the Impact of PKU Carrier Status on Cognition, Mental Health, Blood Pressure and L-phenylalanine Metabolism This is a clinical intervention pilot/feasibility study of PKU carriers (cases) and non-carriers (controls). Upon completing the informed consent process, participants will complete baseline measures of chronic mental health prior to the intervention (PHQ-9, GAD-7, BIS-Brief). Participants will attend the Human Nutraceutical Research Unit (HNRU) at the University of Guelph, fasted, and first undergo baseline measures of cognition and acute mental health (mood) and provide samples or saliva, urine and dried blood spots to evaluate phenylalanine (Phe), tyrosine (Tyr) and their metabolites (PAH pathway functioning). Participants will also complete a brief questionnaire which will include age, sex, ethnicity, income, weight and height (measured using a stadiometer and calibrated weigh scale), and confirmation that participants arrived to the lab fasted (i.e. have only had water to drink and no other foods/beverages prior to analyses). Blood pressure will also be measured at baseline. Following baseline tests, participants will consume a pure L-Phe supplement dosed at 100 mg/kg mixed into 250 mL water with 1 tsp white sugar. Blood pressure will be repeated at 1-hour post-L-Phe consumption. Two-hours postprandial, participants will repeat the cognitive tests and acute mental health (mood) assessment, blood pressure measurement and provide follow-up saliva, urine and dried blood spot samples. Participants will also be asked to report any side effects they experienced with the L-Phe consumption. Inclusion Criteria: * Known carrier or non-carrier of PKU * At least 18 years of age * Comfortable fasting the morning of the study (no food or drink other than water) Exclusion Criteria: * Diagnosed with: PKU, severe neurodegenerative conditions affecting cognition (e.g. Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, dementia), melanoma, hypertension, liver disease and/or kidney disease * Taking a Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitor anti-depressant * Pregnant or breastfeeding
The Effectiveness of Music on Pain During Heel Blood Collection in Premature Infants The Effectiveness of Music on Pain During Heel Blood Collection in Premature Infants: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial Premature babies receiving treatment and care in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) are exposed to various painful procedures. Repetitive and untreated painful procedures have a negative impact on the physiological, cognitive and behavioral development of the baby. Various approaches such as white noise, music, lullaby, kangaroo care, breastfeeding, swaddling, massage, and therapeutic positioning are used to reduce the painful processes that newborns are exposed to in the NICU. Premature babies receiving treatment and care in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) are exposed to various painful procedures. Repetitive and untreated painful procedures have a negative impact on the physiological, cognitive and behavioral development of the baby. Various approaches such as white noise, music, lullaby, kangaroo care, breastfeeding, swaddling, massage, and therapeutic positioning are used to reduce the painful processes that newborns are exposed to in the NICU. Inclusion Criteria: * Parent being voluntary to participate in the study * Being born at 32-36+6 gestastional week * The baby's condition is stable * Having passed hearing test * Having not congenital malformation Exclusion Criteria: * Birth weight below 2500 g * Receiving analgesics or sedatives * Need for mechanical ventilation * Heel blood collection is not successful in the first time
Yoga Intervention in Head and Neck Cancer Patients Undergoing Concurrent Chemo-Radiation Feasibility Study of a Yoga Intervention in Head and Neck Cancer Patients Undergoing Concurrent Chemo-Radiation This is a randomized prospective pilot study assessing the safety and feasibility of two yoga interventions in head and neck cancer patients undergoing primary or adjuvant radiation with or without concurrent chemotherapy Primary Objective: - To assess the safety and feasibility of Hatha yoga in head and neck cancer patients undergoing treatment with primary or adjuvant radiation with or without chemotherapy. Inclusion Criteria: * Locally advanced, non-metastatic, histologically confirmed malignancy involving the head and neck region o Larynx, pharynx, oral cavity, salivary gland, paranasal sinuses and unknown primary * Age greater or equal to 21 years of age * Planned for either definitive or adjuvant radiation therapy with or without chemotherapy o Patients may have received induction chemotherapy or primary surgical resection prior to proceeding to radiation therapy * Ability to understand English * Daily access to the internet * Willing and able to sign informed consent * Willing and able to participate in yoga sessions as outlined in the study protocol Exclusion criteria: * Prior head and neck cancer radiation * Patients who in the opinion of the treating physician are physically, medically or psychologically impaired to the point that participation is not deemed appropriate or feasible
Efficacy of Patellar Taping and Electromyographic Biofeedback Training at Various Knee Angles on Quadriceps Strength and Functional Performance in Patellofemoral Pain Syndrome Efficacy of Patellar Taping and Electromyographic Biofeedback Training at Various Knee Angles on Quadriceps Strength and Functional Performance in Young Adult Male Athletes With Patellofemoral Pain Syndrome This study compared the effects of patellar taping and electromyographic-biofeedback (EMG-BF) guided isometric quadriceps strengthening at different knee angles in patello-femoral pain syndrome (PFPS). A total of 60 adult male athletes aged 18 to 45 years were recruited. Subjects will be included with the history of knee pain during activities such as descending and ascending stairs, squatting, and running, had positive J sign (lateral tilt of patella), and a sign of patellar malalignment on the radiograph. Individuals with a history of fracture around the knee, patella dislocation, knee deformity (e.g., genu varum), flexion contracture, ligaments/meniscal injuries, and osteoarthritis of the knee will be excluded from the study. The protocol was submitted to and approved by the ethical sub-committee of the College of applied medical science, Majmaah, Saudi Arabia (Ethics number: MUREC-Nov./COM-2O20/11-2). Participants were requested to sign a written informed consent form approved by the institution ethics committee. Participants were randomly assigned to Group A (experimental group): electromyography biofeedback (EMG-BF) guided maximum voluntary isometric contraction exercise with patellar taping; Group B (control group): sham EMG-BF guided maximum voluntary isometric contraction without patellar taping. The outcome measure for this study will be the mean changes in maximum voluntary isometric contraction (MVIC) of the quadriceps muscle at different angles, pain intensity, single-leg triple hop test (SLTH), and functional status up to 6 weeks. Inclusion Criteria: * Knee pain during activities such as descending and ascending stairs, squatting, and running, * Positive J sign (lateral tilt of patella), * Sign of patellar malalignment on the radiograph Exclusion Criteria: * Fracture around the knee, * Patella dislocation, * Knee deformity (e.g., genu varum), * Knee flexion contracture, * Ligaments/meniscal injuries, and * Osteoarthritis of the knee.
Use of r-hLH (Luveris) in Donors Previously Treated With r-hFSH (Gonal F) Use of r-hLH (Luveris) Late Follicular Phase for Controlled Ovarian Stimulation (COS) in Donor Patients Previously Treated With r-hFSH (Gonal F)in a Long Luteal Downregulated Cycle With GnRH Agonist. A Cross-over Study The purpose of the study is to compare the safety and efficacy of r-hLH to r-hFSH in the late follicular phase of young women undergoing controlled ovarian stimulation for oocyte donation. While the role of FSH is considered the fundamental driver of folliculogenesis, the role of LH in this process is more controversial. FSH is associated with stimulating growth and recruitment of follicles while LH is associated with the selection of dominant follicles destined for ovulation. We will use an open, prospective, cross-over study to compare the safety and efficacy of two different treatment protocols for controlled ovarian stimulation in egg donors. 20 participants will undergo two cycles of stimulation. The first one will be with r-hFSH though the cycle and the second with r-hFSH then r-hLH. The participants will have 1 month rest cycle between the treatment cycles. r-hFSH doses will be adjusted according to patient response. r-hLH dosing will begin when there are 2 follicles greater than or equal to 14mm in diameter. The does will be 300IU/day and continue until the day of r-hCG administration. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age less than or equal to 32 years old 2. BMI\<35 3. Eligible for controlled ovarian simulation 4. No PCO-type ovaries (PCO by USS image, \>2.1 LH;FSH ratio on cycle day 3, insulin resistance, increase of testosterone over free testosterone) 5. Meet all requirements for becoming an egg donor 6. Willingness and ability to participate and comply with study protocol for the duration of the study 7. Baseline FSH\<11 Exclusion Criteria: 1. Clinically significant systemic disease 2. Any contraindication to gonadotropin therapy 3. LH:FSH ratio greater than 3 4. Pregnancy in the past 3 months 5. Any medical condition which, in the judgment of the investigator may interfere with the absorption, distribution, metabolism or excretion of the drug 6. Simultaneous participation in another clinical trial 7. Known active substance abuse, including tobacco and alcohol (\>10 cigarettes/day) 8. Refusal or inability to comply with protocol 9. Known poor ovarian response
Clinical Evaluation of the "NICU Clinical Decision Support Dashboard" - MHSB Clinical Evaluation of the "NICU Clinical Decision Support Dashboard" This study evaluates the use of a NICU clinical integration system (Dashboard and accessories) in improving the quality of care delivered, patient health outcomes, and parent and clinician satisfaction. Clinicians will be asked to follow their current standard of care practices with the aid of this technology. About half of participants will receive care in NICU rooms with the Dashboard installed while the other half will receive standard care without the Dashboard. The current NICU environment can be stressful and overwhelming for parents of babies admitted and for clinicians caring for the babies. There is a wide range of monitors in a very clinical environment that does not take into account the comfort of neonates. The Dashboard works in parallel with EHR and systems of record, and provides a cohesive view of the patient's status and planned clinical workflow in a single location for both parents and staff. Accessories such as environmental sensors and cameras are used to ensure that the environment is comfortable and promotes optimal development of the baby. Caregivers can educate and coach parents to facilitate integrating them into their infant's care. The NICU Dashboard also supports a family view to facilitate education and assist the family in tracking core measures and developmental milestones. NEONATES AND THEIR PARENTS Inclusion Criteria: * Admission to the NICU * At least one parent (biological, guardian, or adoptive) involved * One parent can understand and speak the English language * Parent aged 18 years or older * Parent with sufficient mental capacity to provide written informed consent as determined by a RN * Signed informed consent from the parent Exclusion Criteria: * Expected discharge from the NICU in \<48 hours CLINICIANS INTERACTING WITH THE NICU DASHBOARD Inclusion Criteria: * Employee of institution with direct patient care in the NICU (e.g. physician, NP, RN, therapist) * Expected interaction with the NICU Dashboard * Signed informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * No interaction with the NICU Dashboard
Effect of Red Grape Cells (RGC) Powder Consumption on Measures of Aerobic Fitness and Mood A Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Study of the Effect of Red Grape Cells (RGC) Powder Consumption on Measures of Aerobic Fitness, Body Composition and Mood This is a 3-arm double blind placebo controlled study to investigate the effect of Red Grape Cell (RGC) powder containing all the matrix of polyphenols that can be found in red grapes. polyphenols have several beneficial effects on various body systems, are present in many edible foods, and are considered safe for human consumption by regulatory authorities. Animal and human studies suggest a potential for polyphenol-rich compounds in enhancing mitochondrial activity and exercise capacity. However, the effect of RGC on exercise performance in humans had not yet been tested. A special population where increasing performance is highly sought are competitive athletes. The aim of the current study is to investigate the effect of RGC on measures of aerobic fitness, body composition and mood in trained male cyclists Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18 - 65 years, men only * Active in cycling training group * Willingness to avoid regular use of NSAIDS (Advil, Nurofen, etc.) and aspirin for the entire study period * Without a history or evidence of significant cardiovascular, hepatic, renal, respiratory, hematopoietic, gastrointestinal disease, endocrine, metabolic, psychiatric or psychological disorders; * Willingness to avoid regular ingestion of any foods containing peanuts, bilberries, blueberries, cranberries, strawberries, raspberries, grapes, grape juice, cocoa powder, dark chocolate, red wine, over-the-counter medications, herbs, or supplements throughout the entire study, and to record and report any occasional consumption of such substances Exclusion Criteria: * Any acute medical situation (e.g., acute infection, nausea and vomiting, diarrhea) 48 hours prior to initiation of the study, which is considered of significance by the principal investigator. * Any known chronic medical condition (will be determined by the principal investigator) * History or evidence of alcohol or drug abuse * Any gastrointestinal surgery other than appendectomy or herniotomy; * Current use of over the counter or prescription weight loss medication * Current use or within the last 30 days, any cholesterol lowering medications (statins, fibrates, red yeast rice, niacin). * Known allergy to casein and/or soy. * Subjects who had participated in a drug trial 3 months before initiation of the study; * Non-cooperative subjects or unwilling to sign an informed consent and participate in the study
The Knowledge Gaps of Amputee Rehabilitation Course Content in Physiotherapy Curriculum The Knowledge Gaps of Amputee Rehabilitation Course Content in Physiotherapy Curriculum According to International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) Understanding the knowledge gaps of amputee rehabilitation course content is essential for addressing these gaps. Identifying the course contents according to International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) can be a starting point for determining the gaps. This study aimed to investigate which amputee-specific ICF categories are underemphasized in the course content. For understanding the knowledge gaps of amputee rehabilitation course content, a total of 59 amputee-specific ICF categories were asked to the academics whether these categories are present in the amputee rehabilitation course content. Academics were asked to answer "yes" or "no" to each question. Cochrane Q test was used to test for differences between the frequencies of ICF categories. Sleep functions, high-level cognitive functions in the field of body functions, writing and handling stress in the activity sub-domain, most of the categories in the participation sub-domain and environmental factors were significantly underemphasized in the course content.This study identifies the knowledge gaps of amputee rehabilitation course content in physiotherapy curriculum. Inclusion Criteria: * Academicians who continued to teach amputee rehabilitation in different higher education institutions in Turkey were included in the study. Exclusion Criteria: * Individuals who did not teach the whole course but contributed to only a part of it were not included in the study
Study of Cobimetinib in Participants With Solid Tumors A Phase 1 Dose-Escalation Study of the Safety and Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0973/XL518 Administered Orally Daily to Subjects With Solid Tumors This non-randomized, open-label, study will determine the highest safe dose of cobimetinib, how often it should be taken, how well participants with cancer tolerate cobimetinib and will assess the pharmacokinetic effect of midazolam and dextromethorphan on the study drug. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically confirmed solid tumor that is metastatic or unresectable, and for which standard curative or palliative measures do not exist or are no longer effective, and there are no known therapies to prolong survival * Disease that is measurable according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) * Adequate organ and marrow function * Sexually active participants must use medically acceptable methods of contraception during the course of the study and at least 11 days after the last dose of study treatment * Female participants of childbearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test at screening * No other history of/or ongoing malignancy that would potentially interfere with the interpretation of the pharmacodynamic or efficacy assays Exclusion Criteria: * Anticancer treatment (e.g., chemotherapy, radiotherapy, cytokines, or hormones) within 28 days (6 weeks for nitrosoureas or mitomycin C, or 14 days for hormonal therapy or kinase inhibitors) before the first dose of study drug * The participant has not recovered to Grade \</=1 from adverse events (AEs) or to within 10% of baseline values due to investigational or other agents administered more than 28 days prior to study enrollment * The participant has received another investigational agent within 28 days of the first dose of study drug * Uncontrolled intercurrent illness including, but not limited to, ongoing or active infection, diabetes, symptomatic congestive heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, or cardiac arrhythmia * The participant is pregnant or breastfeeding * The participant is known to be positive for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) * Allergy or hypersensitivity to components of the cobimetinib formulation
Delafloxacin vs Vancomycin and Aztreonam for the Treatment of Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Active Controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy + Safety of IV + Oral Delafloxacin Compared With Vancomycin + Aztreonam in Patients With Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI) The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effects of Delafloxacin versus Vancomycin plus Aztreonam in the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and soft tissue infections. The purpose of this study is to determine if delafloxacin, an investigational drug, is safe and effective in the treatment of skin and nearby tissue infections compared with a combination of other antibiotics, vancomycin and aztreonam. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult (≥ 18 years of age) men or women with a diagnosis of ABSSSI (cellulitis/erysipelas, wound infection, major cutaneous abscess, or burn infection) with surrounding redness of a minimum surface area of 75 cm\^2 and at least two signs of systemic infection * In the opinion of the investigator, the subject must require and be a suitable candidate for IV antibiotic therapy, and the subject must be able and willing to comply with protocol requirements Exclusion Criteria: * A medical history of significant hypersensitivity or allergic reaction to quinolones, beta-lactams, vancomycin, or vancomycin derivatives according to the judgment of the investigator. * Women who are pregnant or lactating. * Any chronic or underlying skin condition at the site of infection that may complicate the assessment of response, including infection involving a prosthetic joint, human or animal bite, osteomyelitis, decubitus ulcer, diabetic foot ulcer, septic arthritis, mediastinitis, necrotizing fasciitis, anaerobic cellulitis, or synergistic necrotizing cellulitis, myositis, tendinitis, endocarditis, sustained shock, gangrene or gas gangrene; burns covering ≥10% of body surface area; severely compromised immune system, severely impaired arterial blood supply to an extremity with an ABSSSI, deep vein thrombosis or superficial thrombophlebitis, and requiring either an amputation or multiple debridement procedures. * Receipt of systemic antibiotic therapy in the 14 days before enrollment unless 1 of the following was documented: * Received ≥ 48 hours of antibiotic therapy for ABSSSI AND clinical progression is documented (i.e., not by patient history alone). * Recently (within 14 days) completed a treatment course with an antibacterial drug for an infection other than ABSSSI and the drug does not have activity against bacterial pathogens that cause ABSSSI. * Received only 1 dose of either a single, potentially effective, short-acting antimicrobial drug or drug regimen for ABSSSI. * Any underlying disease that, in the opinion of the investigator, could interfere with the subject's ability to participate in the study including severe cardiac disease, known history of liver disease, end-stage renal disease, malignancy, psychiatric disorder, ongoing treatment for seizures or untreated history of seizures, or life expectancy of \< 3 months.
Mountain Food and Natural Probiotic in Nutrition Mountain Food, as a Natural Probiotic. Evidence From Central and Eastern European Nutrition and Behavior Background/Objectives: The research discusses the importance of mountain foods/products and services in the context of healthier nutrition and behavior with the application to agribusiness. The purpose of the research is to highlight the necessity of human behavior in consuming mountain products as natural probiotics. Subjects/methods: As evidence, the research analyses mountain food and the associated entrepreneurship for Austria and other Central and Eastern European countries (foods/products and services), especially from the mountain area. The authors realized experimental research regarding representative mountain food from Central and Eastern European areas and used the Eurostat database. Data has been taken from Eurostat and processed in Excel and SPSS, using similar models of analysis from published research. Experimental analysis has been realized by the authors and collected from different recognized sources. The study is focused on performing qualitative research for natural yogurt (animal resource), Allium sativum - garlic (plant resource), experimental analysis for natural honey (apicultural resource), namely honey-dew (manna) which is a mountain product from Maramureș, a region of Romania, and polyflora honey (Tilia - linden with mountain flowers) which is a hilly product from Moldova, a region of Romania, and clinical study on all the mountain products reminded before. After this study, it will be a comparative study of consumer behavior of mountain products from Central and Eastern European countries and Central and Southern states from the USA. This study is referring strictly to Central and Eastern European countries, especially Romania (but a country like Romania is representative of the other studied countries). The members of the family which will participate in the study will consume the probiotics reminded before. The family members, participants in the study, are consuming daily natural honey (one member of the family), yogurt (one member of the family), and garlic (two of them). After every 40 days, it will be verified, through laboratory analysis, the level of organism immunity. The analysis will be realized in Synevo Romania. It will be verified Biochemistry: Serum Calcium, Serum Magnesium, Serum Iron (Sideremia); Immunochemistry: Vitamin B12, Serum Folate, Vitamin 25-OH; Hematology: Leukocyte blood count with Hb, Ht, and indices (Leukocyte count, Erythrocyte count, Hemoglobin, Hematocrit, Mean erythrocyte volume, Mean erythrocyte hemoglobin, Mean Hb / erythrocyte concentration, Erythrocyte distribution width, Platelet count, L platelet count platelet distribution, Neutrophil, Lymphocyte, Monocyte, Eosinophil, Basophil); Zinc in the blood. It will be verified if properly used mountain animal and vegetal resources can become powerful fighters as natural probiotics against various diseases, or to prevent different immunity problems. Fermented natural dairy products are an extremely important component in the diet of the CEE population, especially for the rural population. Dairy products are often used as natural probiotics, especially within CEE countries. And, the most used mountain product is yogurt (or derivate products similar wit it, such as kefir, ayran, and so on). Within CEE countries, the most important species isolated from lactic bacteria fermented or raw products of dairy origin, are Lactococcus lactis, Leuconostoc sp., and Enterococcus sp. Probiotic dairy products have been analyzed and shown that in addition to nutritional benefits, they positively influence the physiology of the human body. The best-known dairy products are ice cream, cheese, yogurt, milk enriched with strains of Acidophilus and Bifidus, ayran, kefir, and kumis. Dairy drinks (fermented or unfermented) are considered foods that provide probiotics. In the fermentation process, lactic, acetic, and citric acid are naturally obtained, acids that are frequently used in the food industry to improve the organoleptic qualities of several products intended for consumption. The father of the paradigm according to which yogurt is one of the most powerful probiotics, especially for the digestive system, was Elie Metchnikoff, Nobel Laureate for Medicine. He postulated in the famous public presentation "Old Age", held at the Society of French Agriculturalists in Paris on June 8, 1904, that the dependence between lactic acid bacteria and food makes it possible to apply methods to modify the intestinal flora by replacing bad bacteria with beneficial ones. He suggested that yogurt bacteria prevent and annihilate intestinal bacterial infections and hypothesize that regular yogurt consumption prolongs life. Lactic acid bacteria produce microbial metabolism, and the effect is a decrease in intestinal pH, which stops the proliferation of various proteolytic bacterial species. In this way, Metchnikoff kicks off the popularization of yogurt in Europe as a functional food with health benefits. Regarding plant resources, CEE countries are specialized in using different plants as natural probiotics. But, the most used plant resource is Allium sativum (garlic). Garlic consumption, as a natural probiotic, is just as old in the CEE as in many other countries around the world. Garlic is listed in the Dietary Guide for Americans 2015-2020. Garlic intake variants (capsules, aqueous extract, old alcoholic extract, etc.) are not very popular in the CEE, the preference being clear for the raw version. The experimental analysis of the study, realized by the authors in accordance with Romanian Research-Development National Institute for Apiculture - Bulletin analysis 39/29.01.2021, show that both types of natural honey have the same diastase index, meaning 29.4±0.18 unities on Goethe; mountain honey has sucrose (β-D-Fructofuranosyl α-D-glucopyranoside) of 2.41±0.43 %, g/g, while hilly products have 2.19±0.39 %, g/g; reducing sugar is in percent of 76.18±3.40 %, g/g and to the other of 75.67±3.37 %, g/g; 5-Hydroxymethylfurfural has a value of 0.10±0.01 mg/100g of honey for the mountain product and 0.19±0.03; mg/100g of honey for the hilly product; mountain honey has a superior PH value of 3.00±0.46 milliliters Sodium hydroxide solutions 1N/100 g of honey and the other of 2.80±0.43 milliliters Sodium hydroxide solutions 1N/100 g of honey; moisture contents has a percentage of 17.20±0.24 %, g/g for the mountain product and of 16.80±0.24 %, g/g for the other type of honey; pollen analysis present percentages of 98% of manna and 2% of mountain polyflora for the mountain product and of 95% of linden and 5% of manna for the other type of mountain; electrical conductivity present a value of 0.55 mS/cm, while ashes are in the value of 0,21±0,02 %, g/g (mountain product) and 0,44±0,03 %, g/g (hilly product); fructose (3S,4R,5R)-1,3,4,5,6-Pentahydroxyhexan-2-one) present a percentage of 41.06 %, g/g (mountain honey) and 40.10 %, g/g (hilly honey) and glucose (2R,3S,4R,5R)-2,3,4,5,6-Pentahydroxyhexanal) a percentage of 35.12 %, g/g (mountain product) and 35.57 %, g/g (hilly product). The physicochemical analysis shows that mountain honey has more qualitative values than hilly honey. Honey-dew (manna) contains minerals (calcium, magnesium, iron, potassium, phosphorus, selenium), antioxidants, organic acids, bioflavonoids, vitamins (especially C and group B), inhibin (strong bactericide), and enzymes. Minerals, proteins, and some acids are found in amounts five to ten times higher in mountain honey than in hilly honey. It has been verified if properly used mountain animals and vegetal resources (as natural probiotics) can prevent or fight for human immunity. Regarding Yogurt consumption, the influence on human immunity presents considerable values for magnesium, vitamin D, leukocyte, mean corpuscular hemoglobin, average hemoglobin/erythrocyte concentration, lymphocyte, monocyte, eosinophilic, basophil, and zinc. Different studies confirm the positive influence of yogurt consumption on immunity, as Yang et al. (2022), Ravindran et al. (2022), Kim et al. (2020), Gasparri et al. (2019), Meydani (2000), Leonard (2018), Jafari et al. (2016), Ajibola et al. (2012), Asemi et al. (2012). Allium sativum (garlic) influence positively the immunity of the organism, modifying the values of vitamin D, erythrocyte distribution width, platelets, and platelet distribution width, neutrophil, monocyte, and zinc. The influence of garlic on immunity is confirmed by numerous studies, such as Bandyopadhyay et al. (2021), Singh et al. (2021), Eor et al. (2020), Lee et al. (2020), Champagne et al. (2018), Divya et. al (2017), Percival (2016), Gholipour Kanani et al. (2014), Ried et al. (2014), Hamlaoui-Gasmi et al. (2012), Samson et al. (2012), Mukherjee et al. (2006), Hodge et al. (2002), Oluwole (2001), etc. Natural honey, especially manna honey, is considered to be one of the most powerful fighters of human immunity. According to our clinical analysis mountain honey has a positive effect on the adjustment of calcium, magnesium, vitamin B12, folates, vitamin D, mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), Average Hgb / erythrocyte concentration, erythrocyte distribution width, platelets, lymphocyte, monocyte and eosinophilic. Complex research, clinical and experimental, sustain the importance of natural honey in immunodeficiency, studies as Attia et al. (2022), Bakour et al. (2022), Martínez-Puc et al. (2022), Ismail et al. (2022), Abdulrhman (2018), Sell et al. (2012), Ahmed et al. (2011), Al-Waili (2003), Kitzes (1943). Inclusion Criteria: * members of the same extended family Exclusion Criteria: * outside of the family
Dasatinib Holiday for Improved Tolerability Treatment Optimization for Patients With Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML) With Treatment naïve Disease (1st Line) and Patients With Resistance or Intolerance Against Alternative Abl-Kinase Inhibitors (≥2nd Line) Treatment optimization for patients with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with treatment naïve disease (1st line) and patients with resistance or intolerance against alternative Abl-Kinase Inhibitors (≥2nd line) (DasaHIT Trial (Dasatinib Holiday for Improved Tolerability)) Dasatinib is indicated in Europe for: * Treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed Philadelphia chromosome positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in the chronic phase * Chronic, accelerated or blast phase CML with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy including imatinib * Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and lymphoid blast CML with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy Compared to imatinib, dasatinib in CML achieves faster and better responses. Dasatinib is known for its selected toxicities (fluid retention, edema, pleural effusion, and hematological toxicity) requiring dose reductions or treatment interruptions; these toxicities are more frequent in the first two years of treatment. A randomized dose optimization trial for QD dosing vs. BID dosing has demonstrated non-inferiority with regards to efficacy with an improved toxicity profile. In a pilot study, analyzing patients with dasatinib toxicity, a fixed dasatinib weekend holiday allowed safe toxicity management without impairing efficacy. Furthermore the alternated schedule was also able to improve response parameters in patients that had never achieved an acceptable response prior to the onset of dasatinib holiday dosing schedule. The biological rationale for a holiday dosing schedule is that dasatinib has shown an improved cell death of CML cells even after short exposure times; this improved cell death exceeds the killing rate observed with imatinib in vitro. In summary, the reported preclinical and clinical evidence indicates that efficacy seems to require adequate dasatinib Cmax, while low Cmin (five half-lives between doses) does not impair efficacy nor induces drug resistance. It is speculated that a weekend holiday, allowing a better tolerability, would improve patients' drug adherence. The Investigators hypothesize that a dasatinib holiday schedule (5x100mg+2x0mg weekly) compared to a regular dose (7x100mg weekly) will reduce the rate of clinically significant toxicity (e.g., fluid retention, hematological toxicity, musculoskeletal pain) by 20% observed within the first two years of treatment. The Investigators also hypothesize that the dasatinib holiday schedule is non-inferior to dasatinib regular dose in achieving the European LeukemiaNet (ELN) recommended levels of response within the first 24 months. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female patients with diagnosis of CP-CML with cytogenetic confirmation of Ph+ chromosome \[t(9;22)(q34;q11)\]. * Ph negative cases or patients with variant translocations who are BCR-ABL positive in multiplex PCR4 will be also considered eligible. * ECOG performance status ≤2. * Age ≥ 18 years old (no upper age limit is given) * Serum levels of potassium, magnesium and total calcium within the normal limits (≥LLN \[lower limit of normal\] and ≤ULN \[upper limit of normal\]). Correction of electrolytes' levels with supplements to meet enrolment criteria is allowed. * AST and ALT ≤2.5 x ULN or 5.0 x ULN if considered due to leukemia * Alkaline phosphatase ≤2.5 x ULN unless considered due to leukemia * Total bilirubin ≤1.5 x ULN, except known Gilbert disease * Serum creatinine ≤2 x ULN * Written informed consent prior to any study procedures being performed. For 1st-line patients: • Pre-treatment with hydroxyurea up to 6 months and imatinib or dasatinib for duration of up to 4 weeks is permitted. For ≥ 2nd-line patients: • Patients with treatment failure according to the 2013 ELN Recommendations criteria3 or treatment intolerance as assessed by the investigator after prior treatment with TKIs other than dasatinib (imatinib, nilotinib, bosutinib, ponatinib). Exclusion Criteria: * Previous allogeneic stem cell transplantation (AlloSCT) * Known impaired cardiac function, including any of the following: * Congenital long QT syndrome * History of or presence of clinically significant ventricular or atrial tachyarrhythmia * QTc \>450 msec on screening ECG * Myocardial infarction within 6 months prior to starting therapy * Other clinical significant heart disease (e.g. unstable angina pectoris, congestive heart failure) * Acute or chronic viral hepatitis with moderate or severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh scores \>6), even if controlled * Other concurrent uncontrolled medical conditions (e.g., active or uncontrolled infections, acute or chronic liver and renal disease) that could cause unacceptable safety risks or compromise compliance with the protocol * Impaired gastrointestinal function or disease that may alter the absorption of study drug (e.g., ulcerative disease, uncontrolled nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, malabsorption syndrome, small bowel resection or gastric by-pass surgery) * Concomitant medications known to be strong inducers or inhibitors of the CYP450 isoenzyme CYP3A4 * Patients who have undergone major surgery ≤2 weeks prior to starting study drug or who have not recovered from side effects of such therapy * Patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding or women of reproductive potential not employing an effective method of birth control. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test within 14 days prior to administration of dasatinib. Post-menopausal women must be amenorrheic for at least 12 months in order to be considered of non-childbearing potential. Male and female patients must agree to employ an effective method of birth control throughout the study and for up to 3 months following discontinuation of study drug * Known diagnosis of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection (HIV testing is not mandatory) * Active autoimmune disorder, including autoimmune hepatitis * Known serious hypersensitivity reactions to dasatinib * Patients with a history of another primary malignancy that is currently clinically significant or currently requires active intervention * Patients unwilling or unable to comply with the protocol.
Improvement of Fatigue Symptoms in the Iron Deficiency Anemia With Iron Succinylate Therapy Multi-center, Non-interventional, Prospective, Clinical Observational Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Iron Protein Succinylate in Improving Fatigue Symptoms in Patients With Iron Deficiency Anemia The treatment of anemia depends on its cause. Patients with underlying iron-deficient anemia should be treated or referred to a specialist (eg gynecologist, gastroenterologist) for treatment.deficiency anemia are global health problems and common medical conditions seen in everyday clinical practice. Iron is vital for biological functions, such as breathing, energy production, DNA synthesis, and cell proliferation. Iron deficiency refers to the reduction of iron stores and precedes the occurrence of iron deficiency anemia. Iron deficiency anemia is a more severe condition in which low levels of iron are associated with anemia and the presence of small cellular red blood cells. The diagnosis of anemia is based on the patient's symptoms and blood tests. Blood tests refer to hemoglobin, hematocrit, and the number of red blood cells (per cubic centimeter or millet of blood). Also, the status of iron stores in the body can be measured by measuring ferritin. With these blood tests it can be determined Per os treatment: The dosage of elemental iron required to treat anemia due to iron deficiency in adults is 120 mg per day for three months. An increase in hemoglobin by 1g / dl after one month of treatment shows an adequate response to treatment and confirms the diagnosis. In adults, treatment should be continued for three months after correction of anemia to allow replenishment of iron stores. Patient noncompliance may be an obstacle to oral therapy due to the occurrence of gastrointestinal side effects such as epigastric discomfort, nausea, diarrhea and constipation. These effects can be reduced when iron is taken with meals but its absorption can be reduced by 40%. In addition, taking medications such as proton pump inhibitors and agents that reduce gastric acid hypersecretion (eg chronic atrophic gastritis, recent gastrectomy or abdominal incision) reduce iron absorption. Inclusion Criteria: * 16-90 yers * Iron deficiency anemia * Treatment with iron succinylate * Fatigue symptoms * Informed Consent * Compliance with study procedures Exclusion Criteria: * Anemia caused by other parameters (non-iron-deficiency)
Effect of Laser Therapy Versus Anterior Re-positioning Splint in the Treatment of Disc Displacement With Reduction Effect of Laser Irradiation Versus Anterior Repositioning Splint in Treatment of Disc Displacement With Reduction A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial comparing the effects of Laser therapy with anterior re-positioning splint and a placebo group on clinical signs and symptoms of temporo-mandibular dis-function and assessing articular disc morphology and configuration with magnetic resonance imaging. to compare the clinical effects of Laser therapy as assessed with research diagnostic criteria of temporo-mandibular disorders to a group that received anterior re-positioning splint therapy and a control group that received placebo Laser. Diagnosis for disc displacement with reduction was performed with magnetic resonance imaging before treatment. assessment of the clinical and MRI findings was again performed after a 3 months observation period. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients having TMD in the form of disc displacement with reduction as verified from signs and symptoms during clinical examination and confirmed from the MRI. 2. Good general health: The patient must be medically free from any systemic disease or health problems. 3. Adult patients 18 years old and above. 4. No previous orthodontic treatment. 5. No previous TMJ treatment or surgery. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients with multiple missing posterior teeth. 2. Muscle pain due to systemic disease. 3. Dental related pain. 4. Congenital abnormality, neoplasia or acute trauma. 5. Previous TMJ treatment or surgery. 6. Any medical condition that prohibits MRI acquisition.
Management of Loading Forces Distribution in Mandibular Distal-extension Prostheses An In-vivo Study to Evaluate Three Methods of Managing the Distribution of Loading Forces in Mandibular Distal-extension Prostheses (Class I Kennedy's Classification) The two structures that support a mandibular distal extension removable partial denture differ markedly in their visco-elastic response to loading. The difference between the resilience of the residual ridge tissues and the teeth permitted by the periodontal ligament presents a disparity of support that is in contrast to the uniform support accorded a tooth-supported removable partial denture. Hence the denture tends to rotate about its most distal abutments, inducing heavy torsional stresses on alveolar ridges. Many methods have been used to control this movement, some of them: 1. Implant support on distal extension removable. 2. Stress breakers provide a mean of interposing a flexible connection between the tooth-borne retainer portion of removable partial denture and its distally extended tissue-borne segment. 3. Altered-cast technique. 4. Design development by using mesial indirect retainers rather than distal ones. The purpose of this study is: (1) to compare bone absorption around abutment teeth nearby the free saddle; (2) denture displacement and pressure on the soft tissue under the denture base of distal extension RPD (Removable Partial Denture) (3) cellular changes in the soft tissue under the denture base of distal extension RPD. Removable partial dentures (RPD) have an essential role in treating partly edentulous. patients with large toothless spaces, or without posterior dental support (Kennedy Class I). Rehabilitation with Distal-Extension Removable Partial Denture (DERPD) deserves special attention because of the difference in resilience between the remaining mucosa of the edentulous area and the periodontal ligament of the abutment tooth. When occlusal forces affect the bases, the difference in resilience between the mucosa of the edentulous area and the periodontal ligament of the abutment teeth creates a rotating movement whose axis is located on the occlusal rests on the abutment teeth. This may induce horizontal forces and mainly lateral forces upon them, causing inflammation, gingival retraction, increase in dental mobility and distal residual ridge resorption. This movement may cause a reduction in function, discomfort and trauma to the RPD supporting tissues. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Patients will be recruited from the Department of Prosthodontics at the University of Damascus Dental School. Thirty patients will be randomly divided into three groups (A, B, and C). A mandibular bilateral distal-extension removable partial denture will be used for patients in all groups. But every group will have its own specific method of distributing loading forces. In Group A: A Removable partial dentures will be made by using altered-cast technique for free saddle.The investigators will make a primary impression using stock tray. This will be followed by a final impression by individual tray. After metal framework try-in, ridge regions are removed from uncorrected master cast with saw. Then, corrective impression of ridges will be obtained with soft ZOE impression paste. Therefore, a metal framework with associated corrective impression will be repositioned on tooth portion of master cast prior to altering distal-extension bases. In Group B: Removable partial dentures will be made by using precision attachments which will be located on the last abutment tooth. At first, crowns will be prepared to receive the precision attachment, then these are cemented to their respective abutment teeth. So that a mean of interposing a flexible connection between the tooth-borne retainer portion of a removable partial denture and its distally extended tissue-borne base will be provided. In Group C: Removable partial dentures will be made by using resilient-layer in the distal extension of the removable partial denture. Inclusion Criteria: * Bilateral distal extension in the mandible (Class I Kennedy's Classification). * Stable systemic health, including absence of a history of cardiovascular disease. * No evidence of infection or trauma in the oral region. * Negative history of syndromes or temporomandibular disorders and parafunction. Exclusion Criteria: * Other Classes of Kennedy's Classification * Patients with ages beyond the accepted age range.
Maintaining Independence and Sobriety Through Systems Integration, Outreach, and Networking Maintaining Independence and Sobriety Through Systems Integration, Outreach, and Networking (MISSION) (QUE 15-284) This study seeks to implement wrap around services for Veterans suffering from co-occurring mental illness and substance use and who are homeless. It will compare Implementation as Usual of MISSION to Facilitation Implementation of MISSION. Background: Homeless Veterans often have multiple health care and psychosocial needs, including assistance with access to housing and health care, as well as support for ongoing treatment engagement. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) developed specialized Homeless Patient Alignment Care Teams (HPACT) with the goal of offering an integrated, "one-stop program" to address the Housing and Healthcare needs of Homeless Veterans. However, while 70% of HPACT's Veteran enrollees have co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders (COD), HPACT does not have a uniform, embedded treatment protocol for this subpopulation. One wraparound intervention designed to address the needs of homeless Veterans with COD which is suitable to be integrated into HPACT clinic sites is the evidence-based practice called Maintaining Independence and Sobriety through Systems Integration, Outreach, and Networking-Veterans Edition, or MISSION-Vet. Despite the promise of MISSION-Vet within HPACT clinics, implementation of an evidence based intervention within a busy program like HPACT can be difficult. The current study is being undertaken to identify an appropriate implementation strategy for MISSION-Vet within HPACT. The study will test the implementation platform called Facilitation and compared to implementation as usual (IU). Aims: (1) Compare the extent to which IU or Facilitation strategies achieve fidelity to the MISSION-Vet intervention as delivered by HPACT homeless provider staff. (2) Compare the effects of Facilitation and IU strategies on the National HPACT Performance Measures. (3) Compare the effects of IU and Facilitation on the permanent housing status. (4) Identify and describe key stakeholders' (patients, providers, staff) experiences with, and perspectives on, the barriers to, and facilitators of implementing MISSION. Design: Type III Hybrid modified stepped wedge implementation comparing IU to Facilitation across 7 HPACT teams in 3 sites in the greater Los Angeles VA system. Discussion: Integrating MISSION-Vet within HPACT has the potential to improve the health of thousands of Veterans but, it is crucial to implement the intervention appropriately in order for it to succeed. The lessons learned in this protocol could assist with a larger roll-out of MISSION within HPACT. Inclusion Criteria: * meets Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition diagnostic criteria of International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision for a current substance abuse or dependence disorder, e.g.: * alcohol * marijuana * cocaine * or poly substance use and a co-occurring mental illness that includes anxiety, mood, or a psychotic spectrum disorder * is willing to participate in the service * is empaneled in HPACT at one of the study sites Exclusion Criteria: * Does not meet inclusion criteria
Inflammatory Targeted Laser Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis Inflammatory Targeted Low-level Laser Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis - A Randomized Clinical Trial This study is conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of low-level laser therapy (LLLT) as an adjunct to exercise therapy in knee osteoarthritis (KOA). Inclusion criteria: * Any gender * Age ≥ 50 years * Pain on movement ≥ 40 mm Visual Analog Scale * Knee pain for the last ≥ 3 months * KOA verified with the American College of Rheumatology criteria using a history and physical examination, i.e. knee pain and at least three of the following: ≥ 50 years old, ≤ 30 minutes of morning stiffness, crepitus on active range of motion, bony tenderness, bony enlargement, and no palpable warmth of synovia Exclusion criteria: * Knee alloplastic * Total meniscectomy * Intra-articular steroid injection and/or oral steroid treatment within the last six months * Cancer * Rheumatoid arthritis * Severe cognitive deficit * Neurological deficits affecting the knee * Inability to speak and understand English/Norwegian
Monitoring Strategies for the Detection of Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with Cryptogenic Stroke 48-hour Versus 7-day Monitoring for the Detection of Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with Cryptogenic Stroke Randomized clinical trial comparing two monitoring strategies, the use of a 48-hour Holter (routine care branch) and an event recorder for 7 days (intervention branch). Patients admitted for cryptogenic stroke will be included. Enrollment and randomization of patients will be carried out during the index case hospitalization, while follow-up will be done on an outpatient basis until day 7. Once the diagnose of cryptogenic stroke have been carried out, informed consent will be taken and participants will be randomized to 48-hour monitoring arm or 7-day monitoring arm, followed by discharge from hospital. Inclusion Criteria: * All patients who have studies that classify stroke or TIA as cryptogenic and who can carry out monitoring for 48 hours or 7 days will be included. * Age ≥ 18 years Exclusion criteria * History of atrial fibrillation (or atrial flutter) documented. * Patients who already have an event recorder in place, permanent pacemaker, or implantable cardioverter-defibrillator * Evidence of lacunar infarction. * Hemorrhagic stroke * Patient for palliative care
Insulin Differences Between African-American and Caucasian Female Adolescents With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Differences in Insulin Secretion and Insulin Sensitivity/Resistance in African-American and Caucasian Adolescent Females With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome The purpose of this research study is to see if there are differences between African-American and Caucasian girls with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) in how their bodies respond to a type of sugar, called glucose, the body's main source of energy. PCOS is one of the most common endocrine disorders among females. Features can include anovulation (eggs are not released from the ovaries) resulting in irregular menstrual periods, excessive amounts of androgenic (male) hormones resulting in acne and hirsutism (excessive hair growth on the face and body), and polycystic ovaries (small sac-like structures \[cysts\] on your ovaries) seen on ultrasound. Girls with PCOS also have higher levels of insulin in their bodies (called hyperinsulinism) but are not able to use insulin very well (called insulin resistance) resulting in an increased risk of diabetes. Diabetes is when you have high levels of glucose (sugar) in your blood. Many studies have looked at how bodies respond to glucose and have shown that compared to Caucasians, healthy African-Americans produce much more insulin (hyperinsulinism) but are not able to use it as well (insulin resistance) in childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Insulin is a hormone that helps glucose move from the blood into the muscles for the body to use as energy. PCOS is associated with increased levels of insulin (hyperinsulinism) and not being able to use it as well (insulin resistance). So we want to see if there is a difference in insulin production (secretion) and insulin resistance between African-Americans and Caucasians girls with PCOS. To do this, we will look at blood glucose and insulin levels in response to giving glucose in African-American and Caucasian girls who have PCOS. The results of this study may ultimately help to more effectively target treatment therapy in individuals with PCOS that have increased insulin secretion and/or increased insulin resistance. PCOS is the most common endocrine abnormality of reproductive-aged women in the United States, affecting approximately 5 million women (1). The exact prevalence of PCOS in the adolescent population is unknown mainly attributed to the diagnostic challenge PCOS presents as the characteristics of normal puberty overlap with the signs and symptoms of PCOS (2). The key features of PCOS include menstrual irregularity, hyper¬androgenism, and polycystic ovarian morphology on ultrasound. However, clinical presentation may vary. It is a complex heterogeneous condition with life-long psychological, reproductive, and metabolic manifestations that impact a woman's health throughout her lifespan. PCOS is associated with major metabolic consequences including hyperinsulinism (i.e. increased insulin secretion), insulin resistance (i.e. decreased insulin sensitivity), obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, endothelial dysfunction, defective fibrino¬lysis, as well as endometrial carcinoma (3). Particular disease processes show a predilection for certain racial and ethnic groups. African-American \[AA\] adults are at increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease mortality, and hyper¬tension compared to Caucasian \[CA\] adults. Past studies (4-9) have found that AAs have increased insulin secretion and decreased insulin sensitivity compared to their CA counterparts in adolescence and adulthood and even in childhood. These findings are secondary to the combination of increased insulin secretion and resistance with decreased insulin sensitivity and clearance noted in African-Americans. It is this combination of altered glucose metabolism that places AAs at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. It has been proposed that hyperinsulinism or increased insulin secretion is a compensatory response by the pancreatic β-cell to increased insulin resistance. However, it has also been speculated that it is insulin resistance that is the compensatory response occurring in response to insulin hyper-secretion caused by pancreatic β-cell dysregulation (10-11). Hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance are known inherent features of PCOS. Several studies have demonstrated significant hyperinsulinism with insulin resistance and lowered insulin sensitivity in adolescents and adults with PCOS when compared to BMI-matched healthy control subjects (12-18). Marked differences in insulin sensitivity/resistance and PCOS phenotype have been reported in adults of different races/ethnicities with PCOS (19-23), however; other studies have refuted these claims (24-27). The objective of this study is to examine the differences in insulin secretion between AA and CA adolescents with PCOS. We will also examine differences in insulin sensitivity/resistance between AA and CA adolescents with PCOS. Primary Aim: To determine the influence of racial/ethnic background on insulin secretion in adolescent females with PCOS. Secondary Aim: To determine the influence of racial/ethnic background on insulin sensitivity/resistance in adolescent females with PCOS. Hypothesis: AA adolescent females with PCOS will have increased insulin secretion and decreased insulin sensitivity (i.e. increased insulin resistance) compared to CA adolescent females with PCOS. To address this hypothesis, we will utilize one of the gold standards endorsed by the American Diabetes Association that satisfactorily assess insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity/resistance. The method utilized in this study is the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test with minimal model analysis (MINMOD FSIVGTT) (28-32). Using the data that is gathered as part of our primary and secondary aims, we will also conduct an exploratory analysis to examine the influence of PCOS phenotype on insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity/resistance and the influence of racial/ethnic background on PCOS phenotype. Inclusion Criteria: * Children and adolescents ages 12-18 years * African-American and Caucasian females * Menarchal for at least 2 years * Hemoglobin A1C \<6.5% * Medical Condition: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) - based on AES criteria: HA in addition to ANOV and/or PCO * Hyperandrogenism (required): Serum Testosterone \> 50 ng/dl or Free Testosterone (%) \> 1.4% or Free Testosterone \> 7 pg/mL * Oligo- and/or Anovulation: menstrual cycles lengths \> 35 days and/or \< 8 menstrual cycles a year * Polycystic Ovaries: transabdominal or trans-vaginal ultrasound finding of 12 or more follicles measuring 2-6 mm in diameter or increased ovarian volume (\> 10 mL) * Medications: Medication-naive to treatment therapy with Metformin, Oral Contraceptives, and Anti-androgen medications Exclusion Criteria: * Ages \<12 or \>18 * Prepubertal, Premenarche * Hemoglobin A1C ≥6.5% * Medical Conditions: Hypothyroidism, Hyperthyroidism, Diabetes Mellitus, Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia, Hyperprolactinemia, Pregnancy * Medications: Past and/or Present treatment therapy with Metformin, Oral Contraceptives, Anti-androgen medications, Insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents
Study of the Effects of Intravenous Exenatide on Cardiac Repolarization Two-Part, Randomized, Placebo and Active-Controlled, Double-Blind, Thorough QT Study Evaluating the Effects of Intravenous Exenatide on Cardiac Repolarization in Healthy Male and Female Volunteers Two-Part, Randomized, Placebo and Active-Controlled, Double-Blind, Thorough QT Study Evaluating the Effects of Intravenous Exenatide on Cardiac Repolarization in Healthy Male and Female Volunteers This single-center Phase I study will consist of 2 parts, a Pilot Part and a Core Part. The Pilot Part of the study will be an open-label, non-randomized, single-treatment design in 10 healthy male and female subjects to determine if an infusion regimen of a 6-h continuous IV infusion of exenatide will lead to a mean plasma steady state concentration of 500 pg/mL. The Core part of the study will be a double-blind (except for the use of open label active control moxifloxacin), randomized, placebo-controlled,3 period, 6-sequence, cross-over design in 72 healthy male and female subjects to evaluate whether exenatide at therapeutic and supra-therapeutic concentrations has a pharmacological effect on cardiac repolarization (threshold value \>10 msec). Inclusion Criteria: * Body mass index (BMI) between 19 to 35 kg/m2 inclusive. * Women of child bearing potential - use of an additional adequate method of contraception during the study and until 1 additional menstrual cycle following the end-of-study (EOS) visit. Adequate methods of contraception for women of child bearing potential (WOCBP) include: mechanical products (ie, intrauterine device \[IUD\]-copper IUD); or barrier methods (eg, diaphragm, condoms, cervical cap) with spermacide. * Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (AP), and bilirubin within normal range at Screening. * Fasting triglycerides within the normal range at Screening Exclusion Criteria: * History of type 1 or type 2 diabetes, or history of hypoglycemia. * History or evidence of myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, syncope not related to heart arrhythmia, coronary revascularization (coronary artery bypass grafting or percutaneous coronary intervention), unstable angina, or cerebrovascular accident or stroke or TIA. * History of atrial fibrillation, flutter, or non-sustained or sustained VT. * Personal or family history of sudden death or long QT syndrome. * History of uncontrolled hypertension. * History or evidence of acute or chronic pancreatitis. * History of liver disease. * Abnormal renal function. * History of medullary thyroid cancer or a personal or family history of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2. * Thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) outside of normal limits at Screening . * Weight loss surgery. * History of malignancy (not including basal or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin with past 5 years). (Subjects who have been disease free for greater than 5 years may be included.) * History of active alcohol within 1 year prior to Screening. * History of drug abuse within 5 years prior to Screening or a positive prestudy drug screen. * Weekly consumption of more than 14 alcoholic beverages for females and more than 21 alcoholic beverages for males. * Smoke more than 10 cigarettes per day. * Excessive in xanthine consumption (more than 5 cups of coffee or equivalent per day). * History of hypersensitivity to any of the medications used in this study. * Women that are pregnant, lactating, or planning to become pregnant. * History of or positive results on screening tests for hepatitis B and/or hepatitis C and/or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). * History or evidence of immunocompromised status. * Prior or current treatment with any GLP-1 receptor agonist (eg, Bydureon™, Byetta®, Victoza®, Tanzeum® or exogenous native GLP-1) or prior participation in an ITCA 650 clinical trial. * Any gastrointestinal complaints within 7 days prior to first dosing. * Use of medications within 14 days of first dose other than hormone replacement therapy and oral contraceptives. * Chronic (8 consecutive days or greater) treatment with systemic corticosteroids.
Thoracolumbar Brace for Individuals With Parkinson's Disease Pilot Investigation of a Thoracolumbar Brace for Individuals With Parkinson's Disease This pilot study looked to see if a new brace would change the way people with Parkinson's Disease positioned their bodies. It also gathered information on the experience of wearing the brace. Inclusion Criteria: * 50-80 years of age * Diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease * Participant self-reports mild difficulty with posture * Independent in ambulation without an assistive device (i.e., no walker or cane) * Able to give consent determined via telephone screen assessment or at minimum can follow simple directions * Able to tolerate 5 minutes of standing or walking at a time per self-report Exclusion Criteria: * Rigid or fixed spine, as determined by self-report and use of thoracolumbar flexibility screen * Symptoms present before the age of 50 * Other neurologic diagnosis, as determined by self-report * Spinal surgery * Lives in a nursing home or skilled facility * Uncorrected vision loss * Skin that is sensitive to tape or extremely fragile * Recent surgery (within the last 3 months) that affects mobility, as determined by self-report * Chest pain at rest or with activity per self report * Shortness of breath with daily activity per self report * Severe orthostatic hypotension assessed during in-person screen with sitting and standing blood pressure, evidenced by a 20-point drop in systolic blood pressure or 10-point drop in diastolic blood pressure and symptoms (e.g., dizziness) that don't resolve in 5 minutes. * High blood pressure 180/110 resting or systolic blood pressure \<90 mmHG * Resting heart rate \> 100 bpm or \<50 bpm * Waist circumference \< 31" or \> 51" that would prevent proper fitting of CALIBRACE.
Hsv 1 and 2 Gowey Protocol Versus Placebo Phase II Clinical Trial of Versabase/Sarracenia Purpurea Versus Placebo This study will compare efficacy of versabase gel with 20% sarracenia purpurea versus placebo applied every 3-4 hours to herpes lesions. Patients screened for hsv one or two. Patients with herpes given a 1/8 oz of gel. Researcher does not know which is active and which is placebo (placebo is actually just versabase gel). Patent applies gel to lesions every 3-4 hours. Returns to clinic on days 3, 5, and 14 for evaluation. Up to 50 patients may be enrolled. Inclusion Criteria: - Hsv 1\&2 Exclusion Criteria: * No active lesions
Investigation of Pharmacokinetic Interaction Between Rosuvastatin and Olmesartan in Healthy Male Volunteers This study investigates pharmacokinetics and drug-drug interaction between Rosuvastatin and Olmesartan in healthy male volunteers Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy male volunteers between the ages of 20 and 50 and within 20% of their ideal body weight, without congenital abnormality or chronic disease Exclusion Criteria: * History of cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, endogenous, gastrointestinal, hematologic, neurologic or hemorrhagic disease; * Clinically significant findings on routine laboratory (hematology, serum chemistry and urinalysis) or ECG tests; * Use of prescription drugs in the 14 days immediately prior to starting the study that had the potential to interact with the study medication; * Use of any substance that could induce or inhibit drug metabolism enzymes
Physiotherapy in the Treatment of Breastfeeding Difficulties Efficacy of a Physiotherapy Treatment in Newborns With Breastfeeding Difficulties The objective of this randomized, single-blind clinical trial is to compare the efficacy of two treatments (Myofunctional Therapy and breastfeeding sessions) in infants who have difficulty breastfeeding during the first week of life. The main questions to be answered are: * Is breastfeeding improved with this type of intervention? * What type of intervention is better? * After carrying out these interventions, does the baby need to undergo surgery if it presents a sublingual frenulum? Participants must be infants who are one week old and who have been diagnosed with ankyloglossia through the Hazelbaker Scale. They will be randomly distributed into the two intervention groups and after one month of treatment, they will be assessed again using the same scale. The researchers will compare the results between these two groups in order to verify the best intervention. Infants who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria, respectively, were accepted to participate in the study. The randomization of the sample was performed by a statistician, who had no prior contact with either the infants or the parents. The online Randomizer (www.randomizer.org) program was used to randomly generate 200 sets of numbers, each containing two numbers ranging from 1 to 2 in random order. After signing the consent, a code was randomly chosen for each patient, thus ensuring that the 200 patients were equally distributed into two groups according to the group number of each code: group 1 (Myofunctional Therapy group) and group 2 (group sessions lactation). Infants who met the inclusion criteria were referred to the rehabilitation and physiotherapy service. A physical therapist outside the study was in charge of evaluating the measurements of all infants during the first week of life through all the scales detailed below (pre-test). After randomly assigning the infants, another physiotherapist was responsible for applying the intervention once a week for 30 minutes for a period of 30 days. Once the intervention was finished, all the infants (both intervention groups) were reassessed by the physiotherapist outside the study using the same baseline scales (post-test). Inclusion Criteria: * Full-term infants exclusively breastfed * Born both by normal delivery and by cesarean section * Who presented difficulty in breastfeeding Exclusion Criteria: * Preterm newborns * With low birth weight (less than 2,500 kg) * Mothers with flat or inverted nipples * Patients who did not wish and did not authorize to participate in the study.
Benefits of Physical Exercise in Schizophrenia Physical Exercise Effects on Determinants of Social Integration in Schizophrenia Impairments in social integration, characterized by low marriage rates, few friendships, and a high frequency of living alone, affect the vast majority of Veterans with schizophrenia. The primary aim of this proposal is to test the efficacy of a novel rehabilitation treatment approach, engaging in physical exercise, at improving two determinants of social integration which are impaired in schizophrenia: cognition and affect. Difficulties in social integration pose a major mental health problem for Veterans with schizophrenia. Reviews of the literature indicate that Veterans with schizophrenia have lower marriage rates, fewer friendships, and higher rates of living alone than the general population. Poor social integration is also associated with early mortality. To gain traction on this problem, it will be necessary to find treatments that address key determinants of social integration. Evidence indicates that impairments in cognition and affect are among the key determinants of this area of functioning. Findings from the broader rehabilitation literature support a novel conceptual approach to this problem, namely engagement in physical exercise. Physical exercise is associated with improvements in attention, episodic memory, working memory, speed of processing, and executive control. In addition, physical exercise is associated with increases in positive affect and decreases in negative affect. Findings on the effects of physical exercise on cognition and affect have been reported for normal aging, mild cognitive impairment, neurodegenerative disorders, oncology, and depression, but is an area of investigation relatively new to schizophrenia. The proposed study will include 54 Veterans with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder (aged 45-65) who will be matched on baseline levels of cardiorespiratory fitness, and then randomized (2:1) to a walking exercise group (n=36) or a control comparison group (n=18). Veterans in the exercise group will participate in a 12-week, instructor-led, outdoor brisk walking exercise program conducted in small groups (n=6), held 3 times per week, gradually increasing walking time until reaching a maximum of 40-minutes per session. The heart rate of each Veteran will be monitored during the walking sessions to help ensure maintenance of a target peak heart rate of 60% to 70% of the maximum for the individual's age (i.e., 220-age). Veterans in the control group will participate in instructor-led, non-aerobic stretching exercises in small groups (n=6) with the duration, frequency, and total number of sessions matched to the exercise group. Primary outcome measures of cardiorespiratory fitness, cognition, and positive and negative affect of participants in both groups will be measured at baseline and the 12-week end-point assessment. Inclusion Criteria: * Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) - 5 diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder; * age 40-65; * screened for physical health risks (i.e., no serious heart condition, dizziness, bone or joint problems posing safety concerns, ambulatory limitations); * clinically stable (e.g., no inpatient hospitalizations for 3 months prior to enrollment; no change in type of antipsychotic medication in the past 4 weeks) Exclusion Criteria: * evidence of alcohol or substance use disorder (moderate or greater severity) per DSM-5 criteria in the past 3 months; * clinically significant neurological disease as determined by medical history (e.g., seizure disorder); * history of serious head injury with loss of consciousness \>1 hour; * participation in an exercise program within past 6 months; * not able to understand spoken and written English sufficiently to comprehend consent procedures.
Efficacy Study of an Interactive Robot for the Rehabilitation of the Upper Limb in Acute Stroke Patients Study of the Effectiveness of an Interactive Robot for the Rehabilitation of the Upper Limb in Acute Stroke Patients by Evaluating the 3 Fields of the ICF: a Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Simple Blind Study Stroke is the principal cause of permanent disability within the investigators population. This incapacity justifies an intensive and prolonged multidisciplinary rehabilitation, which can be optimized by robotics. The investigators team has developed a robot designed to rehabilitate the upper limb. This robot allows the patient to perform active, passive, or assisted exercises. The system is also able to assess movement quality and to provide a feedback to the patient and the therapist via a graphical interface. This therapy is designed to improve functional recovery of patients, and then their quality of life. Few quality studies have evaluated the efficacy of robotic assisted therapy in patients at the acute stage of rehabilitation (\< 3 months post stroke) when most improvements are observed. Thus, the aim of this study was to objectify the effectiveness of robotic-assisted rehabilitation in the acute stage after stroke by evaluating the 3 fields of the ICF (International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health) and performing a prospective multicenter randomized controlled single blind trial. In this study, 60 stroke patients will be recruited and randomized into two groups. All patients will receive a similar classical rehabilitation as a basis. Patients of the control and experimental groups will receive a supplement of classical rehabilitation and robotic-assisted therapy, respectively. INTRODUCTION The cerebral vascular accident affects two people per thousand each year (Duncan et al. 2005). This injury is the leading cause of permanent disability in our population. The brain damage is expressed by different neurological impairments and functional disabilities. These disabilities justify intensive and sustained multidisciplinary rehabilitation to reduce neurological impairments, to improve the activities and participation of patients, and, ultimately, their quality of life (Duncan et al., 2005). Recently appeared in rehabilitation to stimulate maximum brain plasticity robotic devices meet the actual recommendations existing in stroke's rehabilitation (Langhorne et al., 2011). Indeed, the robots allow the execution of a large number of movements whose quality is controlled. A visual interface gives the patient a feedback of its movements, and offers exercises oriented functional tasks that have meaning for him and the possibly dive into a virtual reality. All these elements justify the clinical development of robots to assist the therapists (Pignolo et al. 2009). The therapeutic efficacy of these robots for the rehabilitation of the upper limb was evaluated especially in chronic stroke patients (\> 6 months after stroke) (Mehrholz et al., 2012). Unfortunately, few quality studies was conducted in these patients at the acute stage of rehabilitation, during which the potential of brain plasticity is the most important and the largest functional progress are observed (Stinear et al. 2012). In addition, few studies have evaluated the effect of these therapies robotic on the three fields of the ICF (Mehrholz et al., 2012). Many studies focus on impairments (e.g. muscle strength) without assessing the functional ability of the patient in activities of daily living. OBJECTIVES To perform a multicenter, single blind, randomized, controlled trial to assess the efficacy of of robotic-assisted therapy in acute stroke patients by evaluating the three fields of the ICF. METHODS Patients will be included in the Cliniques Universitaires Saint-Luc (Brussels, Belgique) and the center of William Lennox (Ottignies, Belgique). The patients will be randomised into two groups (control and experimental), using a stratified randomization method to ensure the equivalence of the two groups for motor neurological impairments (score of the Fugl-Meyer). This randomization will be organized independently in each centre participating in the study. The study of statistical power shows that 27 patients per group are necessary. This study of power has taken into account a statistical power desired to 99%, a minimum detectable change to 0.09 and a standard deviation of 0.08 on the upper limb kinematics of the patient (Gilliaux et al. 2014). In estimating a risk of out drop to 10%, the investigators plan to recruit 60 patients. In each centre, in the acute phase, the patients receive daily a multidisciplinary rehabilitation (physiotherapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy,...) more or less intensive (60 to 300 min). In the experimental group, one of these daily therapies will be devoted to the rehabilitation robot, 4 times a week for 9 weeks. The control group will benefit from conventional treatments. As such, the duration of support will be similar between the two groups. All treatments will be administered by therapists specialized in neurological rehabilitation. Patients will be evaluated three times in the study: before the start of treatments, at the end of treatments, and 6 months after the stroke event. All assessments will be carried out by a therapist which will be not informed the group that the patient is assigned (single-blind). PERSPECTIVES From this study, the investigators hope to demonstrate the efficacy of robotic-assisted therapy in acute stroke patients by evaluating the three fields of the ICF. These results could prove that this tool can be a significant complement for the stroke rehabilitation. Inclusion Criteria: * first stroke * acute stroke (less than 1 month) * unilateral localisation of the stroke * moderate to severe upper limb impairments (7\<Fugl Meyer score\<50/66) Exclusion Criteria: * brainstem or cerebellum stroke * an unstable clinical condition contraindicating the upper limb rehabilitation treatments * cognitive disorders preventing the understanding of the instructions * other neurological or orthopedic pathology affecting the upper limb
Optimal Transfusion in Anaemic Cancer Patients Treated With Chemotherapy (HaemOPtimal) Randomised Feasibility Study of Optimal Transfusion Thresholds in Anaemic Cancer Patients Treated With Chemotherapy (HaemOPtimal) This an open two-arm interventional randomised feasibility study in anaemic patients treated with chemotherapy. Randomisation is performed between two transfusion thresholds: Haemoglobin \< 6.0 mmol/l (9.9 g/dL) versus haemoglobin \< 7.1 mmol/l (11.7 g/dL) for female and 8.1 mmol/l (13.4 g/dL) for males.Primary end-point is quality of life Title: Randomised Feasibility Study of Optimal Transfusion Thresholds in Anaemic Cancer Patients Treated with Chemotherapy (HaemOPtimal) Background: Cancer patients treated with chemotherapy very often become anaemic, which have profound negative impact of their quality of life. Blood transfusions can ameliorate symptoms caused by anaemia. Data are lagging with regard to what threshold should be used when offering blood transfusion. Aim: The primary aim is to determine which end-points reflect symptoms caused by anaemia in cancer patients treated with chemotherapy. The secondary aims are to collect data to estimate sample size in a future definitive study and to compare symptom relief using to different transfusion thresholds. End-points: * Numeric Rating Scale measuring fatigue, dizziness, palpitations, headache, and dyspnea. * FACT-G, * FACT-An (Total anemia scale) including a fatigue subscale * Patient-assessed WHO performance status Design: Open two-arm interventional randomised feasibility study Intervention: * Blood transfusion. * Randomisation between two transfusion thresholds: Haemoglobin \< 6.0 mmol/l (9.9 g/dL) versus Haemoglobin \< 7.1 mmol/l (11.7 g/dL) for female and 8.1 mmol/l (13.4 g/dL) for males. Population: Cancer patients treated with chemotherapy Inclusion criteria: * Documented cancer * Planned treatment with chemotherapy * Age 18 years or older * Informed consent Exclusion criteria: * Heart failure (NYHA 3 and 4) * Prior serious complications to blood transfusion * Medical conditions that require special considerations for blood transfusion * Treatment with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents. Number of patients: Transfusion of at least 30 patients in each intervention arm. An estimated number of 90 patients will be randomised in each arm (180 in total) as a third of included patients are expected to require transfusion. Inclusion Criteria: * Documented cancer * Planned treatment with chemotherapy * Age older than 18 years * Informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Heart failure (NYHA 3 and 4) * Prior serious complications to blood transfusion * Medical conditions that require special considerations for blood transfusion * Treatment with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents
Impact of Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy on Postnatal Surfactant Use in Preterm Infants Impact of the Number of Doses of Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy on the Number of Doses of Surfactants Postnatal in Preterm Infants No study has shown that two doses of corticosteroids are more effective than a single dose in lung maturation and prevention of hyaline membrane disease (HMD) The aim of this study is to assess the impact of the number of doses on the severity of HMD. Respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), formerly known as hyaline membrane disease, is a common problem in preterm infants. This disorder is caused primarily by deficiency of pulmonary surfactant in an immature lung. RDS is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. Surfactant therapy has been shown to significantly reduce neonatal and infant mortality. Corticosteroids are given antenatal, and then surfactant is given, along with corticosteroids, postnatal. A single course of corticosteroids is recommended for pregnant women between 24 weeks and 34 weeks of gestation who are at risk of preterm delivery within 7 days, including those with ruptured membranes and multiple pregnancies. Betamethasone is recommended as the steroid of choice, to be administered in two doses of 12 mg given intramuscularly 24 hours apart. Inclusion Criteria: * Preterm infants ≤ 37 SA * Hospitalized in the neonatal intensive care unit between January 2018 and December 2019 * Having received at least one dose of corticosteroids antenatal Exclusion Criteria: * Parental Opposition * Congenital malformations that may cause neonatal respiratory distress.
Pelvic Angiography in Non-Responders to Phosphodiesterase-5 Inhibitors (PANPI) Pelvic Angiography in Non-Responders to Phosphodiesterase-5 Inhibitors (PANPI) The specific aim of this pilot study is to describe the angiographic prevalence and pattern of internal pudendal artery (and associated inflow vessel) atherosclerosis in patients with erectile dysfunction who are non-responsive to PDE-5 inhibitors (i.e., Viagra) who are referred for clinically-indicated cardiac catheterization. The specific aim of this study is to determine if the deep penile arteries can be seen angiographically from the iliac arteries to delineate penile vasculature. Significant obstructive atherosclerotic disease of the deep penile arteries may be present in impotent males. The etiology of erectile dysfunction is multifactorial and may involve vascular disease, endocrine disorders, neurologic disease, prescription medications, psychological issues and/or trauma in any given patient. Vascular disease in patients with erectile dysfunction may be due to trauma, congenital anomalies, or atherosclerosis. Inclusion Criteria: * Male patients * at least 50 years * erectile dysfunction * dissatisfaction with their use of a phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor * coronary artery disease (or at risk for coronary artery disease) * undergoing diagnostic cardiac catheterization or patients with peripheral vascular disease undergoing peripheral arteriography Exclusion Criteria: * Patients who respond favorably to phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors * known non-vascular etiologies of their erectile dysfunction * probable neurogenic erectile dysfunction due to radiation injury, surgery, or transurethral resection of the prostate * calculated GFR \< 60 ml/min/1.73 m2 will also be excluded * disease that necessitates complex percutaneous intervention will be excluded per the investigators discretion
Virtual Peer-support Exercise Intervention for Older Adults with Cancer A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of a Virtual Peer-support Exercise Intervention for Older Adults with Cancer Background: By 2030, 23% of Canadians will be over 65 years of age. Two in five of these individuals will be diagnosed with cancer. Older adults have high levels of functional decline, and a cancer diagnosis adds prolonged physical sequelae to the natural aging process. Many of these effects can be mitigated by regular exercise. However, older adult cancer survivors are significantly less likely to meet current exercise guidelines than their younger counterparts. As our population ages, we need to develop effective, scalable interventions that support health in older adult cancer survivors. The objective of this study is to determine the feasibility and preliminary effectiveness of a virtually delivered peer exercise intervention with qualified exercise professional (QEP) support for older adult cancer survivors. Methods: Participants will include older adult cancer survivors who are cleared for exercise, have consistent access to the internet, and currently take part in less than 150 minutes of exercise per week. All participants will be matched with a partner, given a peer support guide, and information on current exercise guidelines. In addition to being matched with a peer, dyads in the intervention group will have weekly virtual sessions with a QEP for 10 weeks. Participants in the control group will independently support their partner around exercise for 10 weeks. Outcomes: Participants will be assessed at 3 time points. The primary outcome is feasibility. This will be measured by assessing recruitment, retention, adherence rates to the intervention, and participant acceptability and satisfaction. Secondary effectiveness outcomes include exercise volume, social support, quality of life, physical function, and physical activity enjoyment. Impact: If effective, this will be the first virtual peer-based exercise intervention for older adult cancer survivors. Findings will inform future methods aimed at increasing exercise in older adults. METHODS Research Questions: Research Question 1 (primary). Is a virtually-delivered, peer matching exercise intervention supported by qualified exercise professionals (QEP) feasible for older adult cancer survivors? Research Question 2. Do older adult cancer survivors who participate in a virtually-delivered peer matching exercise intervention with QEP support have improved levels of social support compared to those matched with a peer only? Research Question 3. Do older adult cancer survivors who participate in a virtually-delivered peer matching exercise intervention with QEP support have improved levels of physical activity behaviour, health-related quality of life and physical functioning compared to those who are matched with a peer only? Study Design: This is a two-arm pilot randomized controlled trial with blinded outcome assessment. The protocol and study methods adhere to the CONSORT extension for randomized pilot trials. The Hamilton Integrated Research Ethics Board will approve this study. Dyads will be randomized (1:1) to the Intervention (AgeMatchPLUS) or control (AgeMatch) groups prior to baseline assessment. Group allocation will be centrally randomized using a web platform (https://www.randomizer.org/) by a graduate student external to the research team. A Research Assistant will assign group allocation in the order participants complete an initial demographics questionnaire and are matched with a peer for the study. Intervention: Peer Matching. A Research Assistant will match all participants into dyads based on evidence-informed criteria. To be matched, females must be in the same time zone and diagnosed with the same type of cancer. Matched peers will be introduced to each other by a Research Assistant via zoom after baseline data collection. All participants will be given a peer support guide that provides tips for supporting their exercise partner, an infographic on exercise guidelines for older cancer survivors and a Fitbit Inspire 2©. Partners will independently communicate and support each other around exercise for the duration of the study. Intervention Group (AgeMatchPLUS). This group will have dyads participate in weekly virtual sessions with a QEP for 10 weeks. Each session will last up to 1 hour. The QEP (i.e., registered kinesiologist) will provide a tailored exercise program, focusing on aerobic activity with both participants in the dyad based on personal circumstances, cancer-related characteristics, side effects, current fitness level, and personal preferences. Overall, content discussed at the sessions will include a review of the exercise program, barriers to exercise participation, achievement of goals, and adverse events. For four weeks following the 10-week intervention, the QEP will be available for consultation (labelled "tapering" period) as needed by participants in this group. This tapering period is important to understand strategies to successfully taper older adults from an exercise trial. Also, during the tapering period, participants in this group will receive two supportive emails from the QEP encouraging ongoing maintenance of exercise and social support. Control Condition (AgeMatch): Dyads in this group will independently communicate and support each other around exercise for 10 weeks. They will not have contact with the QEP during the intervention or tapering period and will structure their communication (mode and frequency) with their matched peer. Inclusion Criteria: * English speaking * Older adult (\>60 years) * Living with or beyond a cancer diagnosis (any type or stage of cancer at any stage of treatment) * Living in Canada * Medically cleared for exercise * Have consistent access to an internet-connected device with webcam * Currently take part in less than 150 minutes of MVPA per week Exclusion Criteria: * Self-report any contraindications to exercise * Had recent (in the last 4 weeks) or have planned surgery of any kind (including reconstructive surgery) in the next 3 months.
Neurotrophins Implications in Primary Sjögren Syndrome Neurotrophins Implications in Primary Sjögren Syndrome Neurotrophins (NTs) constitute a family of growth factors, which regulated differentiation, proliferation, and survival of both neuronal cells and astrocytes. In recent years, several studies have provided evidences that the cellular effects of NGF " Nerve Growth Factor ", BDNF " Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor " and NT-3 are not limited to the nervous system. Indeed, neurotrophins and their receptors are widely expressed on non neuronal cells. Data concerning the implication of NTs and their receptors in the immune system maturation and in the regulation of normal and pathological immune responses are numerous and suggest the existence of a specific "neuro-immunomodulation" through these neuropeptides. The aim of the study is to compare Sjögren's syndrome systemic activity to seric, lymphocytic and conjunctival levels of NTs (i.e NGF, BDNF and NT-3). A preliminary study has previously pointed out the link between high BDNF seric levels and Sjögren's systemic activity. The increased levels of BDNF were correlated to T cell activation. A similar correlation between high NGF level and hypergammaglobulinemia was also pointed out. 2 supplementary blood sample for determination of seric and lymphocytic NT profile will be added to a standard biological analysis done for pSS follow- up. Salivary sicca syndrome will be evaluated with un-stimulated salivary flow rate. Saliva fluid will be collected from NTs levels determination (ELISA). Ocular sicca syndrome will be evaluated by Schirmer tests and Lissaline green test. A conjunctival cytological impression will be done in order to determine NTs conjunctival production by flow cytometry. Inclusion Criteria: Arm : primary Sjögren syndrome: * All patients must fulfill the revised criteria for primary Sjögren syndrome. * Age of entry into the study ≥ 18 yrs. * Affiliated or profit patient of a social security system. * Informed consent signed up. Arm : healthy volunteers: * All patient free of autoimmune disease. * Age of entry into the study ≥ 18 yrs. * Affiliated or profit patient of a social security system. * Informed consent signed up. Exclusion Criteria: * Patient with psychiatric disorders not related with antiphospholipid syndrome and / or cerebral complication of SGSp. * Addictive behaviors (alcoholism, cocaine or opioid abuse). * Patient with anti-depressive drugs. * Patient with concurrent malignancy * Pregnancy * Patients under measure of maintenance of justice. * Patients unable to understand or to participate to the study. * Child and major patients making the object of a measure of lawful protection. * Patients deprived of freedom. Exclusion criteria for control group * Autoimmune disease. * Steroid treatment (\>20 mg/day). * Immunosuppressive treatment. * Concurrent malignancy. * Concurrent psychiatric disorders. * Anti-depressive drugs. * Pregnancy.
Ultrasound Guided Distal Peripheral Nerve Blocks and Postoperative Pain. Effectiveness of Distal Peripheral Nerve Blocks on Postoperative Pain Management After Ambulatory Thumb Resection Arthroplasty. The aim of this clinical trial is to determinate if distal ultrasound guided peripheral nerve blocks on target nerves (radial and median nerve blocks at the elbow), using low volume and low concentration of long acting local anesthetic provide better postoperative pain control compare with systemic analgesia alone after thumb resection arthroplasty (TRA) due to a prolonged selective sensitive block on the tissue trauma. We designed a prospective randomized controlled trial, with nursing blinded evaluation. We enrolled 52 patients scheduled for elective ambulatory TRA. 2 patients were excluded after randomization. Patients were randomized into two groups: A. Group A= no distal peripheral nerve blocks (no dPNBs group; n = 24 ): We performed usual anesthetic technique for surgery: an AXILLARY BRAQUIAL PLEXUS BLOCK using SHORT ACTING local anesthetic (mepivacaine 1%). Patients allocated in this group didn't received any additional intervention in the postoperative period. B. Group B (dPNBs group; n = 26): We performed the same anesthetic technique for surgery (AXILLARY BLOCK with 1% of mepivacaine) with an additional intervention. Patients allocated in this group received postoperatively dPNBs on target nerves. Based on surgical approached and technique we evaluated that radial and median nerves were responsible for the innervation of the surgical area, and therefore responsible for the postoperative pain. We performed dPNBs ON RADIAL AND MEDIAN NERVES (TARGET NERVES) WITH LONG ACTING AND LOW CONCENTRATION LOCAL ANESTHETIC (0,125% levobupivacaine 5ml/nerve). All blocks were performed under ultrasound guidance. Analgesic regime prescribed at discharge was the same in both groups: dexketoprofen with tramadol for rescue analgesia. The primary outcome was to evaluate the proportion of patients experienced moderate to severe pain during first and second day postoperatively, mesured using a numerical visual scale (NVS) of 0 to 10 (0= no pain and 10= worst pain imaginable). We defined mild pain (NVS 0-3), moderate pain (NVS 7-10) and severe pain (NVS 7-10). We considered dPNBs effective when patients experienced mild pain (NVS 0-3) for at least 6 hours after dPNBs puncture. Secondary outcomes included: 1. Maximum pain intensity during first and second day postoperatively. 2. Duration of dPNBs, defined as the interval between dPNBs performance and the occurrence of first pain. 3. Time to discharge, defined as the interval since patient arrived at postoperative care unit (PACU) until discharge home. 4. Presence of distal hand motor block after dPNBs puncture. 5. Needed for rescue analgesia and total consumption of tramadol during first and second day postoperatively 6. Incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting during 1st and 2nd day postoperatively 7. Needed for rescue antiemetic therapy, total consumption of ondansetron and effectiveness of treatment during 1st and 2nd day postoperatively. Patients were contacted by phone first and second day postoperatively from a blinded PACU nursing staff (all outcome data were collected by PACU nursing staff blinded to group allocation). Inclusion Criteria: * Age more than 18 years. * Ambulatory TRA. * Free acceptance to participate in the study, with informed consent signed by patient, guardian or family member. Exclusion Criteria: * Age less than 18 years * Pregnancy. * Inability to provide informed consent. * Allergy to amide local anesthetics/NSAIDs * Preexisting chronic pain treated with opioids. * Neuropathy involving the extremity undergoing surgery or neurological-cognitive deficits that may interfere in the assessement. * Contraindications to dPNBs
Effectiveness of Direct-to-Patient Outreach on Colorectal Cancer Screening Within a Low Income and Diverse Population A Randomized Controlled Trial of a Direct-to-Patient Outreach Program to Improve Rates of Colorectal Cancer Screening in a Low Income and Racially Diverse Population The purpose of this study is to determine if the direct mailing of fecal occult blood testing (FOBT) kits to patients who are due for colorectal cancer screening is an effective way to improve colorectal cancer screening rates within a low income and racially/ethnically diverse population. Patients ages 50 to 80 who are identified through the electronic health record as not being up to date on colorectal cancer screening are eligible for the study and will be randomly assigned to the intervention or usual care group. Individuals in the intervention group will be mailed a letter informing them that they are due for colorectal cancer screening, educational material regarding colorectal cancer screening, a fecal occult blood testing (FOBT) kit, directions on how to use and return the FOBT kit. The proportion of patients assigned to the intervention versus usual care groups who complete a guideline recommended form of colorectal cancer screening within 4 months of the initiation of outreach will be compared. Inclusion Criteria: Ages 50 to 80 as of 12/31/2009 At least 2 visits to the community health center between 7/1/2008 and 12/31/2009 Exclusion criteria: Documented fecal occult blood testing (FOBT) within 1 year (between 1/1/2009 and 12/31/2009) Documented sigmoidoscopy within 5 years (between 1/1/2005 and 12/31/2009) Documented colonoscopy within 10 years (between 1/1/2000 and 12/31/2009)
Exercise Interventions for Improving Eye Control Post Strabismus Surgery Exercise Interventions of Eye Muscles for Improving Eye Control Post Strabismus Surgery The purpose of this study will be focused on the following issue: 1. The aim of this study is to determine therapeutic effect of postoperative eye exercises on improving eye control after the strabismus surgery. HYPOTHESES: It will be hypothesized that: • Eye exercises have a positive effect on improving eye control post strabismus surgery. RESEARCH QUESTION:" • Do postoperative eye exercises improve eye control post strabismus surgery? Therapeutic procedures: * Patient will be informed about measurement and treatment procedure before beginning of the treatment. * Patient will be asked to follow physician instructions. * Patients will be asked to avoid participation in any rehabilitation program prior to the study which may affect the result of the study. * Measurement procedures will be applied for each patient. * They will start the treatment program after 2 weeks of the surgery. The subjects will be divided into two groups (experimental group and control group) with equal numbers of patients in each group: Control group Participants within the control group will receive traditional care and medication following strabismus surgery. Experimental group Participants within the experimental group will receive physiotherapy exercises beside traditional care and medication after strabismus surgery. Physical therapy exercises will apply in the office and home. Office exercises will involve palming exercise, pencil push-ups, brock string exercise, thumb exercise (Near-distance jump), balance board exercise, Proprioceptors Neuromuscular Facilitating (PNF) exercise, occlusive therapy, eye hand coordination and computer therapy. Office exercises will be done two sessions per week for three months. Each session will be about 1 hour. Exercises will also perform at home from the first session including eye exercises in all directions, pencil push-ups, thumb exercise (Near-distance jump),brock string exercise, and dominant eye occlusion for 1 hour daily. Inclusion Criteria: * Criteria of selecting the patients include the following: * Patients are both males and females. * Their age will range from (5-15) years. * Patients received strabismus operation. * They will be selected from Outpatient Clinic of Research Institute of Ophthalmology. * Patients will begin the training program after 2 weeks of operation. * All types of strabismus surgery will be included. Exclusion Criteria: The subjects will be excluded from the study if they meet one of the following criteria; * Muscular disorders that will impair performance during training. * Any organic lesion in the eye. * Neurological disorders. * Malignant conditions. * Psychiatric illness, severe behavior or cognitive disorders. * Children who can't understand the therapist's instructions and orders.
Beneficial Effects of Mindfulness-based Training on Neuropsychological Outcomes in Mild Cognitive Impairment Investigating the Beneficial Effects of Mindfulness-based Training on Neuropsychological Outcomes in Mild Cognitive Impairment This study evaluates the effects of Mindfulness-based Interventions (MBI) on the neuropsychological profile of individuals with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). It will also investigate changes in fMRI activity, such as resting-state functional connectivity networks and changes in activity in attention networks in task-related fMRI using graph theory analysis after Mindfulness-based Interventions. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive either the Mindfulness-Based Intervention, Cognitive Rehabilitation Training or Treatment as Usual as the passive control group comparison. As the population of Singapore ages rapidly, cognitive decline associated with both normal aging and disease is becoming a frequently encountered health challenge. In our proposed study, we will investigate the effects of mindfulness-based interventions (MBI), which have shown significant promise in halting and even reversing age-related cognitive impairment. MBI enhances the quality and frequency of mindfulness, defined as a mental state achieved by focusing one's attention and awareness on the present moment, while calmly acknowledging and accepting one's feelings, thoughts, and bodily sensations. In this study, we will administer a standardized MBI program or Cognitive Rehabilitation Therapy to a group of 60 patients diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment (MCI), a condition marked by deficits in language, memory and attention that often leads to dementia; an additional 30 patients will be assigned to the control group. There will be 3 runs with 30 persons per run; each group will have 10 randomly assigned participants. By comparing the 3 groups across the 3 runs, we seek to test the following hypotheses: 1) MBI will result in significantly greater improvements in neuropsychological testing outcomes across multiple cognitive domains, including attention, memory, language and processing speed, 2) MBI will strengthen cortical connectivity as measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), and 3) MBI will lead to changes in fMRI activation on a test of facets of attention. Neuropsychological testing will take place in SGH, while fMRI and EEG scanning will take place in the Center for Cognitive Neuroscience at Duke-NUS. Both the MBI and CRT will be facilitated by trained personnel. Our proposed experiment comprises one of the most comprehensive interrogations of the effects of MBT on patients to date, and if successful, could rapidly translate into a program with both clinical and economic impact. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Fluent in English 2. Mild Cognitive Impairment: Fulfill Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders version five (DSM-V) diagnostic criteria for Minor Neurocognitive Disorder 3. MMSE score = 20-30 4. Clinical Dementia Rating Score (CDR) = 0.5 5. Age: ≤75 years Exclusion Criteria: 1. Presence of major neurological conditions such as epilepsy, stroke, Parkinson's Disease and or brain injury 2. Presence of major psychiatric conditions such as major depression or schizophrenia 3. Unsuitability for fMRI scanning (e.g. pacemakers, metallic implants, claustrophobia) 4. Unable to give or no consent available 5. Left-handed participants may take part in the study but will not undergo fMRI scanning
Patent Foramen Ovale Closure Reduce in SCUBA-divers Patent Foramen Ovale Closure Reduce in SCUBA-divers It has been proposed that there would not be an increased risk of DCI after closure of the interatrial communication, i.e. patent foramen ovale (PFO). Inclusion Criteria: * catheter-based PFO-closure because of DCI Exclusion Criteria: -
Long-term Use: CGM System Assessment in Adult Athletes With Diabetes Mellitus Long-term Use: CGM System Assessment in Adult Athletes With Diabetes Mellitus The purpose of this study is to evaluate CGM glycemic control using the Dexcom G4 system as well as system performance during high levels of activity and home use by adult athletes with insulin-requiring diabetes mellitus, over an extended period of time. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Age 18 years or older 2. Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus Exclusion Criteria: 1. Extensive skin changes/diseases 2. Known allergy to medical adhesives 3. Pregnancy 4. Dialysis
Exercise Therapy After Pulmonary Thromboendarterectomy or Balloon Pulmonary Angioplasty for Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension Exercise Therapy After Pulmonary Thromboendarterectomy or Balloon Pulmonary Angioplasty for Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension: EXPECT-PH This study is being completed to determine the feasibility and acceptability of completing a home-based, structured, low-to-moderate intensity exercise training program in chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH) patients following surgical or percutaneous intervention. Eligible participants will be enrolled and have a 12 week home based exercise training program. The study team hypothesizes that: The following percentage of participants successfully complete the ramp-up phase of the exercise program: * Greater or equal to 70% at end of week 7 * Greater or equal to 80% at end of week 10 * Greater or equal to 90% at end of week 12 * Greater or equal to 80% of participants will both complete ≥1 week of maintenance phase exercise and complete 12 weeks of the exercise intervention. * Patients will have no adverse events, defined as syncope, worsening World Health Organization (WHO) functional class, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related hospitalization, or death, caused by the exercise intervention. Inclusion Criteria: * Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension (CTEPH) patients post-Pulmonary Thromboendarterectomy (PTE) or Balloon Pulmonary Angioplasty (BPA) * Planned follow-up at Michigan Medicine for at least one year * Has access to an Android or iPhone with study supported operating software, is willing to install MyDataHelps application, and is willing to wear a smart watch while awake Exclusion Criteria: * Life expectancy under 1 year * Orthopedic, neurological, or psychiatric condition limiting ability to actively engage in exercise training session * Currently receiving palliative care and/or in hospice care * Persistent severe Right Ventricular (RV) dysfunction on echocardiography post BPA or PTE * Recently completed, current enrollment, or planned enrollment in pulmonary rehabilitation * Moderate or severe obstructive lung disease or restrictive lung disease * Arterial oxygen saturation (SpO2) \<88% during 6 minute walk test(6MWT) on baseline home oxygen prescription * Wrist too large to wear a smart watch comfortably. * Participant noted to wear smart watch for less than 8 hours per day prior to intervention. * Determined to be unsafe for participation in exercise therapy as assessed by the clinical team. * Those with mobility issues that are unable to complete 6MWT. * Participant has sex minute walk distance (6MWD) greater or equal to 90% predicted at visit 1. * Pregnancy or lactation * Non-English speaking
Minnesota Care Coordination Effectiveness Study Comparing Two Approaches to Care Coordination for High-Cost/High-Need Patients in Primary Care Medical care has improved greatly over the past 50 years. Treatments for most medical conditions can help us lead longer and healthier lives, but there are still problems. Many patients with two or more conditions see many different doctors and sometimes take more medications than needed. These patients can feel lost and confused. In addition, non-medical issues involving housing, food, transportation, employment, income, support from others, and language barriers can have a large impact on our health. In Minnesota, many primary care clinics are using a method called care coordination to improve the health of patients who have a number of chronic diseases (some examples of chronic diseases include diabetes, heart disease, asthma and depression). With care coordination, a nurse in the clinic helps the various doctors, clinics, and specialists to work together, in the interest of the patient. In some clinics, a social worker also helps with care coordination. These social workers help with issues like housing, transportation, or employment. Care coordination can help reduce patient confusion. It also can improve health and lower patient burdens and costs of getting medical care. To help find out what types of care coordination are most successful, we are proposing a study. Our plan is to track the health of patients receiving care coordination and compare two types: A. Care coordination done by a nurse or other clinic staff B. Care coordination where a licensed social worker also assists the patient In this study, we will measure many things, including: 1. Control of chronic conditions like diabetes, heart disease, asthma, and depression 2. Hospitalizations 3. Emergency department visits 4. Use of medications and diagnostic tests 5. Use of specialty care 6. General health status 7. Patient satisfaction and access to care 8. Use of shared decision-making (where the doctor and the patient make treatment decisions together) 9. Patient burden (how much time and effort the patient spends trying to get healthy) 10. Patients' out-of-pocket medical costs This project will be important to patients because it could reduce confusion and fragmented care while improving all the items above. Those improvements will be more likely because this project takes advantage of engagement with patients and others. We have four patient partners who will help conduct the study and interpret and broadly share the results. The project was developed with the input from patients, clinic leaders, people from state government, and experts on health and quality care. By measuring a wide variety of outcomes for the adults receiving coordination services in these clinics, we hope to identify the specific actionable information that will allow these and other clinics to improve their services for these patients with complex needs. Throughout the project, we will communicate our findings to clinics and health systems. As a result, many people may receive better care. Inclusion Criteria: * Age 18 or older * Historical Cohort: Receiving care coordination services in a participating clinic with a care coordination start date between January 2018 and February 2019 * Primary Cohort: Receiving care coordination services in a participating clinic with a care coordination start date between January 2021 and December 2021 * Currently insured by the MN Department of Human Services (DHS), Blue Cross Blue Shield MN (BCBS), UCare, or HealthPartners (HP) (for utilization outcomes only) * Consents to participate in interview or responds to a survey (for those data collection events only) Exclusion Criteria: * Cannot complete an interview in English (interviews only) * Cannot complete a survey in English, Spanish, Somali, or Hmong (for interviews only, reflecting most prevalent languages in MN) * On a known research exclusion list
The Safety Evaluation of Silver Alginate (Algidex™) Dressing in Very Low Birth Weight (VLBW) Infants The purpose of this study is to test the safety of silver alginate (Algidex™) dressing in VLBW infants in preparation for a large efficacy trial. We are conducting a pilot randomized controlled trial in VLBW infants to evaluate the safety of silver alginate (Algidex™) dressing compared to standard catheter care. Following parental consent, infants are randomized to receive silver alginate or standard of care dressing. Infants with birth weights less than 1,500 grams admitted to Baylor University Medical Center (BUMC) NICU with any of the following lines are eligible for inclusion into this study up to 72 hours after birth: umbilical arterial line (UAL), umbilical venous line (UVL), peripheral arterial line (PAL), peripheral long line (PLL), and central venous line (CVL). Safety is assessed by measuring silver levels and monitoring for cutaneous reactions. Dressings are changed every seven days. Silver levels are drawn on study days 1, 7, and 28. Blood culture results are used to compare infection rates between the two groups. Patient demographics and clinical conditions are recorded. Results will be analyzed based on intention to treat. Inclusion Criteria: * Infants with birth weights less than 1,500 grams admitted to Baylor University Medical Center (BUMC) NICU with any of the following lines are eligible for inclusion into this study up to 72 hours after birth: umbilical arterial line (UAL), umbilical venous line (UVL), peripheral arterial line (PAL), peripheral long line (PLL), and central venous line (CVL). Exclusion Criteria: * N/A
Understanding Different Parameters in Locomotor Training (a Type of Walking Training) for Person After a Stroke Developing Evidence-based Parameter Selection for Locomotor Training This is a research study to understand how people who have experienced a stroke walk in order to develop better and more effective types of therapy. Data collected from people who have experienced a stroke and healthy individuals will be used to compare a neurologically healthy person to someone, which has sustained an injury. The first day will be a chance for the participants to become familiar with the body weight support (BWS) system and walking at different speeds. This first day will last about 2 hours and will consistent of fifteen total minutes of locomotor training utilizing manual trainers. This means trainers will move the participants'' body into a more normal walking pattern. The participants will be given a chance to rest between bouts; however, the participants may also rest at any point. First, the participants will walk for five minutes at normal comfortable speed with 15% of the body weight supported through an overhead system. This will be followed by walking at speeds faster and slower than the participants' comfortable speed. After these initial bouts of stepping, will be the training bouts. Training will be conducted with 30% of the body weight supported and at speeds considered normal for adults. Trainers will assist the trunk and with each leg, and will assist with initiation of steps and leg positioning, maintenance of an upright trunk, pelvic rotation, and weight shift. Training will consist of three bouts of five minutes of stepping for a total duration of 15 minutes of stepping. Vital signs, heart rate and blood pressure, will be monitored after each 5-minute bout. If the participants wear an Ankle Foot Orthosis (AFO), the participants will be asked to walk without it, but the investigators will provide the participants with an Aircast, which supports the ankle and prevents it from rolling side to side, but allows the foot to move freely up and down , Data will be collected on the second day. This will take approximately five hours. During this time the participants will be asked to walk on the ground and on a treadmill. For the overground portion, the participants will walk across a 14-foot level, pressure-sensitive walkway at the participants' own speed and then as fast as the participants' can safely. This walkway measures the speed of walking and the size of steps. The participants can use any assistive device that the participants' typically use. A physical therapist or trained assistant will walk beside as the participants walk across the walkway. The participants will be asked to walk several times across the walkway at the two speeds while recordings are made from the participants' muscles and are videotaped. The participants will also be asked to walk on a treadmill. The participants will be permitted to practice treadmill walking until the participants' feel comfortable. Once the participants feel comfortable the investigators will ask the participants to walk a couple different ways. The order will be random, and the speeds will be determined from the first visit. The participants will be asked to walk some with Body Weight Support and some without. The investigators will ask the participants to walk at the participants' comfortable speed and then as fast as the participants' can safely walk. The participants will also walk at these same speeds and percentage of body weight support while trainers help the participants step in a way as close to normal. The participants will be able to rest at any point and for as long as they wish, however, after each trial the participants will be required to rest at least 2 minutes. During all treadmill walking, the participants will wear a harness attached to a mobile device attached to the ceiling. This device is for safety to prevent a fall and it can catch the participants should they lose balance or stumble. It will also be used to provide body weight support for some of the walking trials. If the participants use braces and/or assistive devices, the participants will be asked to do some walking with and without them, according to the participants' comfort and safety. A therapist will walk with the participants to provide any physical assistance that may be needed. For the walking testing, the investigators may need to shave small areas of the participants' legs to attach small sensors to the skin to measure the electrical activity of the leg muscles. The investigators will also attach reflective markers or small angle measurement devices to the skin over the participants' hips and several locations on the legs. The investigators will film the participants' movements with video cameras. Inclusion Criteria: * adults at least 18 years old; * able to provide informed consent; * able to follow three-step motor command; * have a single unilateral stroke; * medically stable (i.e. asymptomatic for bladder infection, decubiti, osteoporosis, cardiopulmonary disease, pain, or other significant medical complications that would prohibit or interfere with walking; * able to stand with assistance and/or ambulate 15 meters with or without an assistive device or brace and no greater than standby physical assistance. Exclusion Criteria: * weight \> 300 pounds due to limitations in body weight support systems; * body size which is incompatible with harnesses; * pregnancy; * presence of significant musculoskeletal problems that limit hip and knee extension or ankle plantarflexion to neutral; * self selected walking speed below 0.3 m/s; and * history of congestive cardiac failure, unstable angina, or peripheral vascular disease.
Comparison of Viral Particle Dispersion Following Administration of an MDI or Nebulizer in Subjects With COVID-19 A 2-Period, Crossover Study to Assess the Impact of Nebulizer With Filtered Mouthpiece vs MDI With Spacer on Viral Load in Rooms of Subjects With Mild to Moderate COVID-19 A randomized, 2-period crossover, single-center, open-label study for viral sample collection. After initiation of inhaled therapy with nebulizer or MDI, cascade impactors and surface samplers will be used to assess viral loads in rooms of subjects with COVID-19. Observational Study Model = Other \[non-treatment; impact on external location (rooms and surfaces)\] Time Perspective = Other \[viral load samples taken at various time points after nebulization or MDI administered\] Sampling Method = Non-probability sample \[to be described by study team\] Inclusion Criteria: 1. Willing and able to provide written informed consent, either themselves or via legally acceptable representative, prior to undergoing study procedures 2. Willing and able to comply with study-related procedures/assessments 3. Adults over 18 years of age 4. COVID-19 infection as confirmed by PCR from nasopharyngeal, oropharyngeal swabs and/or saliva specimen taken within the previous 5 days Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subjects currently receiving mechanical ventilation or noninvasive positive-pressure ventilation, or subjects who, in the opinion of the investigator, will require ventilatory support (i.e., mechanical ventilation or noninvasive positive-pressure ventilation) within the next 12 hours Note: Signs of impending need for ventilatory support include pronounced hypoxia despite supplemental oxygen \>6 L/min, prolonged respiratory rate (i.e., \>30 breaths per minute), signs of respiratory muscle fatigue, or paradoxical diaphragm. 2. Presence of significant comorbidity that, in the opinion of the investigator, makes the subject unsuitable for participation in the study 3. Known or suspected hypersensitivity to albuterol, history of paradoxical bronchospasm, or significant cough response to albuterol 4. Participating in other clinical trials related to COVID-19 thought to interfere with study interpretation (e.g., antivirals or antibodies that might change the viral load over the course of a day; subjects should not receive antibody therapy within 24 hours before the baseline period) 5. Active or incompletely treated pulmonary infections, such as tuberculosis (or known history of nontuberculosis mycobacterium) over past 12 months 6. Pregnant or currently breast feeding, or a positive urine pregnancy dip test performed at baseline (women only)
Exercise as an Adjuvant to Aphasia Therapy Exercise as an Adjuvant to Aphasia Therapy The purpose of the study is to reveal if individuals who participate in aerobic activity demonstrate greater improvement in language abilities than patients who do not participate in aerobic activity. The objective of this research project is to reveal if individuals who participate in aerobic activity demonstrate greater improvement in language abilities with treatment than patients who do not participate in aerobic activity. As secondary objectives, we will determine if there is a direct relationship between either brain efficiency or increases in Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) after exercise and higher learning rates in aphasia. Inclusion Criteria: * Post-stroke aphasia * at least 6 months post-stroke * at least minimally intact auditory verbal comprehension * pre-morbidly right handed * native English speaker Exclusion Criteria: * contraindications for fMRI (metal implants, claustrophobia) * inability to pass an exercise tolerance test * significant depression * uncorrected hearing or vision problems * severe apraxia of speech * regularly perform 20 minutes of cardiovascular exercise 3 times per week
An Evaluation of the Safety and Efficacy of LIPO-102 for the Reduction of Subcutaneous Abdominal Adiposity A Double-Masked, Evaluation of the Safety and Efficacy of LIPO-102 for the Reduction of Subcutaneous Abdominal Adiposity This is a double-masked evaluation of the safety and efficacy of LIPO-102 for the reduction of subcutaneous abdominal adiposity. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or non pregnant female * Good general health * Sufficient abdominal fat for injections * Signed informed consent * BMI greater than or equal to 18 and less than 28 kg/m2 * History of stable weight in past 3 months Exclusion Criteria: * Known hypersensitivity to study drugs * Treatment with an investigational agent within 30 days of first dose
Antazoline in Rapid Cardioversion of Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation Clinical Efficacy of Antazoline in Rapid Cardioversion of Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation - a Single Centre, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study (the AnPAF Study) The purpose of this randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, superiority clinical trial was to assess clinical efficacy of antazoline in rapid conversion of atrial fibrillation during observation sinus rhythm. Antazoline is a first generation antihistaminic agent with chinidin-like properties. When administered intravenously, antazoline exerts a strong antiarrhythmic effect on supraventricular arrhythmia especially on atrial fibrillation (AF) facilitating rapid conversion to sinus rhythm. Despite relative lack of published data antazoline is marketed in Poland and widely used in cardiology wards and emergency rooms due to its efficacy, safety and rapid onset of action within minutes of administration. To show superiority of antazoline over placebo a sample size of 80 patients was calculated based on following assumptions: two-tailed test, a type I error of 0.01, a power of 90%, efficacy of placebo 5%, efficacy of antazoline 50% and 20% drop-out rate to fulfill the criteria of intention-to-treat analysis. Due to presumed lack of statistical power the secondary end points and safety endpoints will be considered exploratory. Inclusion Criteria: * Written informed consent for participating in the study and written standard version of informed consent for cardioversion accepted in Institute of Cardiology, Warsaw, Poland * Age above 18 and good general condition * Potassium level over 3.5 mmol/l * Stable cardio-pulmonary state on enrollment * In case of unclear history of heart failure or suspicion of impaired left ventricle function echocardiography is indicated prior to enrollment * A long-term antiarrhythmic drug therapy is allowed Exclusion Criteria: * Lack of written informed consent * Antazoline allergy * AF related to significant valvular disease * Clinically significant heart failure or ejection fraction \< 55% * Diastolic blood pressure (BP) \< 100mmHg * History of significant bradyarrhythmia not treated with permanent pacemaker * QT prolongation over 440ms or QTc (Bazett's formula) over population norm * Tachycardia \> 160' * Advanced liver or kidney failure * Acute coronary syndrome, coronary artery by-pass graft, stroke or transient ischemic attack within 30 days before enrollment * Preexcitation in ECG not treated by radiofrequency ablation of accessory pathway * Signs and symptoms of ischemia related to AF * An investigational drug used within 30 days before enrollment * Pregnancy or breast feeding
Internet-Based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Children With Dental Anxiety Internet-Based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Children With Dental Anxiety- A Randomized Controlled Trial The purpose of this study is to determine whether internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy (ICBT) is effective in the treatment of children and adolescents with dental anxiety. The investigators hypothesis is that children and adolescents who have been offered ICBT show significant better performance on outcome measures compared with patients in control group. Inclusion Criteria: * The participant is between 8-15 years of age * The patient and parents agree to participate in the research project * A diagnosis of specific phobia (dental anxiety or intraoral needle phobia) can be established by a psychologist according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th. Edition. The internet parent version of Development and Well-Being Assessment (Dawba) and Kiddie Sads (phobic disorders supplement) are used. * The patient and parents have sufficient language skills in Swedish to manage the treatment and questionnaires * Have regularly access to computer and the internet * Have the time, the possibility and motivation to work and practice with ICBT 3 hours each week in 12 weeks * Parents agree to at least book three visits at the dentist during the 12 weeks treatment * Parents agree to exposure for intraoral injection at the dentist even if the child does not need dental treatment but suffers from injection phobia Exclusion Criteria: * Full points on both child and parent versions of the picture guided behavioral approach test. A maximum score of 17 means that both the child and the parent assess that the child can manage the most challenging situations in dentistry * A score of 31 or less on both children and parent version of CFSS-DS and do not fulfill criteria for intra-oral injection phobia * Already have or according to DAWBA and/or telephone interview by psychologist likely to fulfill criteria for a neurodevelopmental disorder diagnosis * Other psychiatric disorders such as severe depression, eating disorder or self harm behavior that need treatment prior to dentistry related specific phobia * The participant is undergoing or has planned psychiatric/ psychological examination * The participant has current/planed psychological treatments * Stressful life experiences during the past 12 months, such as divorce in the family, somatic illness that parent or the psychologist see as an obstacle in the treatment * Have received cognitive behavioral treatment for dental anxiety or needle phobia during the past three years
Molecular Pathways Related to Short-term Fasting Response Evaluation of p21 Induction and Molecular Pathways Related to Short-term Fasting Response This study will evaluate the effect of short-term fasting (36 hours) in gene expression in blood cells in healthy volunteers. Fasting is a nutritional intervention consisting on the restriction of nutrient intake during a relatively long period of time. It elicits a profound metabolic reprogramming aimed at shifting nutrient supply from external food intake to internal stored nutrients. Periodic activation of this complex response, termed periodic or intermittent fasting (IF), elicits numerous protective effects against aging, metabolic alterations, neurological disorders and cardiovascular health. Short-term fasting is protective in different stress scenarios, including ischemia reperfusion, bouts of inflammation and chemotherapy-induced toxicity, and improves the anti-tumor efficacy of chemotherapy. Although the basic physiology of fasting is well known, the molecular mechanisms underlying its beneficial effects are not yet completely understood. In mammals, the response to short-term fasting (from 12 to 48 hours) in terms of nutrient mobilization through the bloodstream has been extensively studied. Fasting follows sequential phases, during which nutrients are released from different storing depots. First, glucose is released from glycogen stores in the liver and muscle. Upon depletion of glycogen, two fasting mechanisms are activated: fatty acids are exported from the adipose tissue into the bloodstream in the form of free fatty acids (FFAs), reaching the liver where they are used to produce ketone bodies, a process termed ketogenesis. Also, gluconeogenesis is activated in the liver, generating glucose mainly from glycerol (released during lipolysis) and amino acids, that originate mainly from muscle breakdown. All these physiological responses are tightly regulated by hormonal and molecular mechanisms. At the hormonal level, fasting induces a decrease in blood insulin, leptin and ghrelin, and an increase in glucagon levels, while blood adiponectin remains unchanged. Also, several signal transduction pathways are affected by fasting. PPARalpha, a nuclear receptor of fatty acids, becomes activated by the fasting-mediated increase in blood Free fatty Acids (FFAs) and triggers the expression of many target genes in several tissues, including blood cells. It has been shown that the Cyclin Dependent Kinase (CDK) inhibitor p21 is highly upregulated during short-term fasting in many mouse tissues. Moreover, it is known that p21-null mice are unable to endure normal periods of fasting and that p21 is required for the full activation of PPARa target genes both in vivo and in isolated hepatocytes. In the current study, the investigators wanted to study for the first time molecular mechanisms of fasting that still remained unexplored, specially the expression induction of p21 and PPARalpha signalling pathway. For this, the investigators analyzed blood samples from healthy volunteers subjected to 36 hours of fasting, to explore gene expression in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs). Inclusion Criteria: * Men and women between 18 - 50 years old. * BMI \>20\<30 * Adequate education level and comprehension of the clinical study * Willingness to participate in the study as a volunteer and to provide written consent Exclusion Criteria: * BMI \<20 (thinness) * BMI \>30 (obesity) * Abnormal low glucose levels after fasting * Having donated blood less than 8 weeks before starting the study * Subjects who report special discomfort after previous periods of short fasting * Diagnosis of type 2 Diabetes mellitus (insulin-dependent) * Dyslipidemia under pharmacological treatment * High blood pressure under pharmacological treatment * Dementia, neurological disease or reduction of cognitive function * Severe illness (hepatic disease, renal disease, etc * Taking medications that could affect the lipid and glycemic profiles (statins, fibrate, diuretics, corticoids, anti-inflammatory, hypoglycemic or insulin) 30 days before the beginning of the study. * Taking medications or substances for weight loss management (15 days before the beginning of the study) * Pregnancy or lactation
HIV Prevention and Trauma Treatment for Men Who Have Sex With Men With Childhood Sexual Abuse Histories Brief Summary: The specific aims of this study are: 1. To test, in a two-arm randomized controlled trial, the efficacy of cognitive processing therapy for sexual risk and posttraumatic symptom severity reduction (CPT-SR) in HIV-uninfected men who have sex with men (MSM) who have histories of childhood sexual abuse (CSA). The primary outcome is reduction in unprotected anal/vaginal intercourse (number and proportion) with serodiscordant partners. The investigators will also examine the intervention effect on CSA-related trauma symptom severity and cognitions and behaviors. 2. To examine the degree to which intervention-related reductions in sexual risk behavior are mediated by reductions in CSA-related symptom severity, cognitions, and behaviors. 3. To examine the degree to which the intervention reduces incident sexually transmitted infections (STIs) during the study period, as well as to explore additional potential moderators and mediators of intervention efficacy. Study hypotheses: 1. For the primary outcome, the investigators hypothesize that those who receive the intervention will have reduced transmission-risk behavior. 2. For the secondary outcome, the investigators hypothesize that those who receive the intervention will have reduced trauma symptom severity (cognitions and behaviors). The prevalence of HIV among men who have sex with men (MSM) is estimated at an alarming 19% domestically (CDC 2010), rates comparable to endemic settings in certain regions of sub-Saharan Africa where approximately 20% of the adult population is HIV infected. Studies have also demonstrated a staggeringly high prevalence of childhood sexual abuse (CSA) in MSM, and shown an association between CSA and HIV risk in MSM. A successful intervention for MSM with a CSA history to prevent HIV has the potential to avert infections among some of the riskiest members of the most HIV vulnerable group in the U.S. Notwithstanding the ability of the existing HIV prevention interventions to show reductions in sexual risk taking, the recent successes of chemoprophylaxis, current policy initiatives, and empirically supported recommendations, all support development of combination prevention interventions that can specify multiple prevention targets, address related risk factors and barriers, and are grounded in a community context. The pathways from CSA to adult sexual risk behavior are varied and complex and this complexity is appropriately addressed in individual-based interventions where empirically supported interventions for CSA related trauma were efficacy tested. The development of an integrated prevention intervention that utilizes cognitive behavioral technologies to address co-occurring and interfering CSA and sexual risk represents a novel and largely untested innovative application that is theoretically designed to address sexual risk directly and indirectly through reductions in CSA-related trauma symptoms. The flexibility of integrated and combination prevention programs has the potential to support triage of MSM with particular risk profiles to the programs that best meet their prevention needs. This two-arm RCT is designed to test the efficacy of a psycho-social intervention that addresses intersecting epidemics among MSM, HIV and CSA. The experimental condition integrates sexual risk reduction counseling with Cognitive Processing Therapy for Sexual Risk (CPT-SR). CPT-SR has been specifically piloted on MSM with CSA histories and sexual risk to reduce interfering negative CSA-related thoughts about self, to more accurately appraise sexual risk, and to decrease avoidance of sexual safety considerations through rehearsals of sexual safety behaviors. The active and time-matched comparison condition is risk reduction counseling plus supportive psychotherapy. The investigators will randomize HIV-uninfected MSM who report a history of CSA and multiple recent sexual risk episodes for HIV (unprotected anal/vaginal intercourse) across two sites (Boston and Miami). The primary outcome will be self-reported sexual risk taking as assessed via a computer-based questionnaire. Secondary outcomes include trauma symptom severity, both cognitive and behavioral. Study assessment points are at baseline, 3 (post treatment), 6, 9, and 12-month follow-ups. Eligibility Criteria: Inclusion Criteria: * Identifies as MSM. * Reports history of CSA (sexual contact before the age of 13 with an adult or person 5 years older or sexual contact with the threat of force or harm between the ages of 13 and 16 inclusive or with a person 10 years older). * Reports \>1 episode of unprotected anal or vaginal intercourse within the past three months. * Reports HIV-negative status confirmed by rapid HIV test. * Is capable of completing and fully understanding the informed consent process and the study procedures. Exclusion Criteria: * All episodes of unprotected anal or vaginal intercourse occurred with only a single, primary HIV-negative partner. * Significant mental health diagnosis requiring immediate treatment (e.g. bipolar disorder; any psychotic disorder). * Inability to complete informed consent process (e.g. substantial cognitive impairment, inadequate English language skills). * Has received CPT for PTSD within the past 12 months.
The Effects of Erector Spinae Plane Block on Bariatric Surgery. Investigation of The Effects of The Erector Spinae Plane Block on The Quality Of Recovery After Laparoscopic Bariatric Surgery: A Prospective Randomized Trial The erector spinae plane block (ESPB) is a new technique that is increasingly used in the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Bariatric surgery is a surgical treatment method used in the treatment of morbid obesity and related comorbidities. Providing pain control in obese patients is a topic that remains up-to-date. Poorly controlled early postoperative pain impairs quality of recovery, increases the risk of postoperative pulmonary complications, and is a risk factor for the subsequent development of chronic pain. Therefore, optimizing acute postoperative analgesia is a priority in patients undergoing bariatric surgery. The primary aim of this prospective, randomized study is to evaluate the effect of ESPB on quality of recovery with the QoR-40 questionnaire in patients undergoing elective Laparoscopic Bariatric Surgery. In the operating room, all patients will receive standard monitoring, including electrocardiography, non-invasive blood pressure, and peripheral oxygen saturation. Patients in the ESPB group will be placed in a sitting position. A convex probe ultrasound transducer will be placed in a longitudinal parasagittal orientation approximately 3 cm lateral to the spinous process. The needle tip was advanced until it will be located in the inter-fascial plane deep to the erector spinae muscle group and superior to the transverse process. Once in position, bupivacaine 0.25%, 20 ml was injected under ultrasound, guidance. The same procedure will be repeated on the contralateral site. Standard perioperative and postoperative analgesia protocol will be given and postoperative pain levels will be determined by Numerical Rating Scale (NRS). NRS scores for pain and postoperative opioid consumption will be recorded on the 15th,30th minute, 1st, 2nd, 12th, 24th hour, 2nd day. Quality of recovery-40 (QoR-40) scores will be given on the ward, at postoperative 24th hour, 3rd and 7th day ( the 3rd and 7th-day scores will be calculated after telephone interview if the patient will be discharged from the hospital). Inclusion Criteria: * Scheduled for elective laparoscopic bariatric surgery Exclusion Criteria: * a history of allergy to local anesthetics * known coagulation disorders * infection near the puncture site * Chronic opioid intake * Patient with psychiatric disorders * Can not communicate in Turkish
Tranexamic Acid Versus Epinephrine During Exploratory Tympanotomy Topical Use of Tranexamic Acid Versus Epinephrine to Optimize Surgical Field During Exploratory Tympanotomy Exploratory tympanotomy is surgical access to the middle ear, made for diagnosis and management of unexplained conductive hearing loss, performed under an oto-microscope across the external auditory canal after tympanic membrane elevation to explore the middle ear structures Epinephrine is a vasoconstrictor searched intensively for ptimization of the surgical field during microscopic ear and sinus surgeries with controversial results given the possible cardiovascular complication in case of systemic absorption,especially in vulnerable cardiac patients.Tranexamic acid (TXA) as an antifibrinolytic medication is used to treat or prevent excessive bleeding in significant trauma, surgery, tooth removal, or nasal bleeding, discovered by Japanese researchers. TXA, given either oral or intravenous, is a derivative of lysine amino acid; it acts reversibly on the lysine binding sites to block it on the plasminogen molecules. TXA consequently hinders the stimulation of plasminogen competitively, thus reduces its conversion into plasmin. Plasminogen is the enzyme that leads to the degradation of a fibrin clot, fibrinogen, and other plasma proteins, such as factors V and VIII. More than 95% of TXA intravenous administered dose eliminated unchanged through the urinary system. Twenty-four hours after intravenous administration of TXA has demonstrated accumulative excretion of approximately 90%, whereas only 3% is bound to plasminogen. TXA is minimally excreted in breast milk while it can freely cross the blood brain barrier and the placenta . Inclusion Criteria: * 18 - 60 years old * ASA (I and II) * Hb level \> 10 mg/dl * elective ear exploratory tympanotomy surgery under general anesthesia. Exclusion Criteria: * Allergy to TXA * bleeding/coagulation disorders * psychiatric illness * acute and chronic renal failure * heparin use within 48 hrs or aspirin use within seven days before surgery, * pregnancy * liver cirrhosis * color blindness * cardiac stent.
IMPROVE Stroke Care- Developing and Optimizing Regional Systems of Stroke Care IMPlementation of Best PRactices fOr Acute Stroke Care - Developing and Optimizing Regional Systems of Stroke Care The purpose of this program is to develop a regional integrated stroke system that identifies, classifies, and treats patients with acute ischemic stroke more rapidly and effectively with reperfusion therapy. The design is based upon the implementation of best practice, that is, based on a comprehensive review of AHA guidelines regarding treatment of acute stroke, ICH (intracranial hemorrhage) and SAH(sub arachnoid hemorrhage). In the second phase, the project will be doing national and international surveys of best practices among comprehensive stroke centers and then combine evidence based guidelines and recommendation as well as expert consensus and guidelines when high level evidence is not available from the published literature. The aim to improve public stroke awareness, stroke symptom recognition within the time benefit window for treatment and calling 9-1-1, EMS transportation, and the proportion and speed of reperfusion therapy (fibrinolytic and in appropriate patients- endovascular treatment) in eligible patients. These improvements in acute stroke care delivery are expected to result in lower mortality, fewer recurrent strokes, and improved long term functional outcomes that we will measure. Inclusion Criteria: * Adult patients \> 18 years of age who undergo the local acute code stroke process Exclusion Criteria: * In house patients with stroke are not included in this data set.
PET/CT Imaging Study of the Safety and Diagnostic Performance of [68Ga]RM2 in Patients With Primary Prostate Cancer An Open-label, Multi Center PET/CT Study for Investigation of Safety and Diagnostic Performance of the 68Ga Labeled PET Tracer [68Ga]RM2 in Patients With Primary Prostate Cancer The aim of this study is to investigate safety and diagnostic performance of the 68Ga labeled PET tracer \[68Ga\]RM2 for detection and localization of primary prostate cancer confirmed by histopathology of the prostate as a standard of truth. This is an open-label, multi center PET/CT (positron emission tomography/computed tomography) non-randomized study. The study comprises 2 parts with an interim analysis after Part 1. In Part 1 a total of 30 subjects with biopsy-proven primary prostate cancer will be enrolled. Three strata of patients for the first part will be enrolled based on their pretreatment recurrence risk assessment according to the NCCN guidelines: 10 patients with low, 10 patients with intermediate and 10 patients with high pretreatment risk of recurrence. For inclusion, the prostate cancer needs to be histologically confirmed and MRI and PET/CT with \[18F\]-choline (18F-choline is not mandatory) should be available for comparison. Diagnostic \[68Ga\]RM2 will be injected intravenously into the subjects, and PET/CT imaging performed. Images will be assessed visually and quantitatively. Subjects should be scheduled for subsequent prostatectomy within 4 weeks after PET scan. Prostate cancer will be confirmed by histopathological step-section analysis following prostatectomy and used as Standard of Truth. Based on the results of the initial 30 patients, an expansion cohort of 50 patients for Part 2 will be enrolled to increase the safety and tolerability database and to further characterize the uptake of \[68Ga\]RM2 in specific subsets. Inclusion Criteria: * Written informed consent. * Patients with diagnosis of primary prostate cancer in which prostate cancer is histologically confirmed and results of histology are available. * Patient with planned prostatectomy (within 4 weeks following the \[68Ga\]RM2 scan). * Patient had a MRI, and \[18F\]-choline PET/CT (when available), for primary detection or staging and the images and the results are available (Note: \[18F\]-choline PET/CT is optional) or the MRI examination is already scheduled at the time of the screening visit for a date before prostatectomy. * The MRI and \[18F\]-choline PET/CT referred to in criterion 5 were performed preferably within not more than 5 days prior to the planned imaging with \[68Ga\]RM2. The maximum interval between MRI and \[18F\]-choline PET/CT and treatment with \[68Ga\]RM2 PET/CT is 6 weeks. However, if required, the MRI examination can also be performed after the \[68Ga\]RM2 PET/CT, but is already scheduled at the time of the screening visit for a date before prostatectomy. * No chemotherapy, radiotherapy, biopsy or immune/biologic therapy between MRI and \[18F\]-choline PET/CT (when performed) and \[68Ga\]RM2 PET/CT performed or scheduled. NOTE: If MRI is performed after the \[68Ga\]RM2 PET/CT, no chemotherapy, radiotherapy, biopsy or immune/biologic therapy between \[68Ga\]RM2 PET/CT and MRI examination is allowed. * Recovery (excluding alopecia) from previous surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy * ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) performance status of 0-2 (see Attachments). * No clinically relevant deviations in renal function as determined by Cockcroft and Gault method using serum creatinine at screening. * No malfunction equivalent to CTC (Common toxicity criteria) toxicities grade \> 2 of the liver (ALT; bilirubin). * Life expectancy of at least 3 months. Exclusion Criteria: * Concurrent severe and/or uncontrolled and/or unstable medical disease other than prostate cancer (e.g. poorly controlled diabetes, congestive heart failure, myocardial infarction within 12 months prior to planned injection of \[68Ga\]RM2, unstable and uncontrolled hypertension, chronic renal or hepatic disease, severe pulmonary disease) which could compromise participation in the study. * Known sensitivity to the study drug or components of the preparation. * Patient is in custody by order of an authority or a court of law. * Patient is a relative of the investigator, student of the investigator or otherwise dependent. * Patient is participating in another clinical study involving administration of an investigational drug at the same time as well as in the preceding 4 weeks before radiotracer administration. Participation in another clinical study involving administration of an investigational drug has ended within the preceding 4 weeks before radiotracer administration. * Unwillingness or inability to comply with the protocol. * Patient fulfils criteria which in the opinion of the investigator preclude participation for scientific reasons, for reasons of compliance, or for reasons of the patient's safety. * Hematological or biochemical parameters that are outside the normal range and are considered clinically significant by the investigator, i.e. CTC (Common toxicity criteria) toxicities grade \> 2. Minor deviations in lab parameters that are considered by the evaluating physician to be not clinically significant with respect to safety or interpretation of study results are not considered an exclusion criterion. * History of significant occupational exposure to ionizing radiation or monitoring of occupational radiation exposure (according to recommendations from current guidelines). * Donation of blood within 12 weeks or plasmapheresis within 2 weeks before the radiotracer Administration.
Effect of Omega-3 Supplementation on Child Behavior Problems Randomized Controlled Trial of Omega-3 on Child Behavior Problems The primary purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of omega-3 supplementation on behavior problems in children. This study consists of a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial of omega-3 on behavior problems in children. All behavior problem outcomes were assessed, although the primary focus was on antisocial and aggressive behavior. Inclusion Criteria: * child * age between 8 and 16 years * residing in the community Exclusion Criteria: * fish allergy * diagnosed mental disorder * mental retardation * on medication that may modify lipid metabolism * extensive use of nutritional supplements within the previous 3 months
Comparison Between Colloids and Crystalloids on Coagulation and Blood Loss Comparison of the Effects of Hydroxyethyl Starch and Ringer's Lactate on Blood Loss and Coagulation After Colorectal Surgery. Infusion of intravenous fluids is mandatory especially in major and prolonged surgeries. However, there is no available optimum ideal type of fluid nor a fixed amount suitable for transfusion but it must be individualized for every patient to minimize the side effects of fluids. Ringer's lactate as an example of crystalloids, causes a transient hypercoagulable state after its infusion, disappears in less than 6 hours of infusion and the coagulation profile returns to its state before Ringer's. Voluven (Hydroxyehthyl starch 130/0.4) a colloid causes a hypocoagulable state after its infusion, and its effect is prolonged to more than 6 hours after infusion. The effects of hydroxyethyl starch are not dose-dependent, but they can be remarkable even with mild to moderate amount of blood dilution applying nearly a restrictive fluid transfusion strategy and a goal-directed fluid therapy mode. The amount of needed crystalloids is much more than that of colloids to maintain patients hemodynamically stable. When considering the optimum fluid of choice to achieve hemodynamic stability and the least morbidity, colloids have a theoritical and intuitive advantage. Being composed of molecules \>35 kDa, colloids have traditionally been thought to have greater fluid efficacy (i.e. they remain in the intravascular space for longer ,thus contributing a greater effect on cardiac output) compared with crystalloids. These theoritical benefits of colloids led to their routine use in goal-directed therapy (GDT). Studies in healthy volunteers have demonstrated that crystalloids tend to expand the intravascular volume by about 20% of the infused volume ;however when physiological endpoints have been used in clinical studies , the fluid efficacy of crystalloids increases up to 60%. This discrepancy may be explained by a number of factors, including the time taken for fluid to equilibrate throughout the extracellular fluid , the vaodilating effect of anethetic-indused hypotension on vascular capacitance, and the impairment of fluid elimination because of the surgical stress response. While colloid has been the default fluid choice in most GDT studies to date, recent evidence from both the perioperative anesthestic setting and from intensive care have raised concerns that these agents may produce adverse effects on renal function and coagulation . recent studies have sought to compare the use of crystalloid solutions with colloids for GDT. Inclusion Criteria: * age between 18 to 75 years * undergoing elective colorectal surgery Exclusion Criteria: * refusal by the patient * patient with cardiac disease * hepatic disease * renal disease * blood disease * patient on regular anticoagulant drug
PRINCE: Study of Atazanavir (ATV)/Ritonavir (RTV) A Prospective Single Arm, Open-label, International, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety, Efficacy and Pharmacokinetics of Atazanavir (ATV) Powder Boosted With Ritonavir (RTV) With an Optimized NRTI Background Therapy, in HIV Infected Pediatric Patients Greater Than or Equal to 3 Months to Less Than 6 Years. (Pediatric Atazanavir International Clinical Evaluation: the PRINCE I Study) The purpose of this study is to determine whether atazanavir powder combined with ritonavir is safe and well tolerated and produces appropriate drug exposure in children ≥3 months to \<6 years of age. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Confirmed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 infection diagnosed by a positive virologic test result on 2 separate occasions by: * HIV DNA polymerase chain reaction * HIV RNA with values ≥1,000 copies/mL * Positive HIV enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay at ≥18 months of age, with confirmatory Western blot or indirect immunoflourescence antibody * Infants and children of either sex, aged ≥3 months to \<5 years and 6 months at time of first treatment, and weight \>5 to \<25 kg with any screening baseline plasma viral load * Screening plasma viral load ≥1,000 copies/mL by Roche Amplicor® HIV RNA Assay * Documented genotypic and phenotypic sensitivity at screening to ATV (fold change in susceptibility \<2.2) and to at least 2 nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs) approved in the infant's country * Genotypic sensitivity at screening to atazanavir (ATV) and at least 2 NRTIs * Antiretroviral (ARV) treatment-naive or ARV treatment-experienced. Treatment-experienced participants are defined by previous exposure to ARVs through either prior treatment for HIV infection or through postnatal treatment with ≥1 ARV for the prevention of mother to child transmission. For the purposes of this study, participants exposed to ARVs in utero or intrapartum may be included in the study but will be considered treatment naive. ATV-naive participants must have genotypic sensitivity at screening to ATV (fold change in susceptibility \<2.2) and to both components of the local NRTI backbone. The NRTIs must have been approved for pediatric use at the local country level. Key Exclusion Criteria: * Experienced participants who received ATV or ATV/ritonavir (RTV) at any time prior to study enrollment or with a history of 2 or more protease inhibitor failures * ARV-naïve or -experienced HIV-1 infected patients with contraindication to study medications syncope * Family history of QTc interval syndrome, Brugada syndrome, right ventricular dysplasia, or a corrected QTc interval at screening of \>440 ms * One of the following cardiac rhythm abnormalities documented on screening electrocardiogram: 1st degree atrioventricular (AV) block as defined by protocol, type I 2nd degree AV block while awake, type II 2nd degree AV block at any time, complete AV block at any time, or age-adjusted heart rate \<2nd percentile) History of pancreatitis, peripheral neuropathy, malignancy that requires systemic therapy, or any medical condition which, in the opinion of the investigator, added undue risk to trial participation * Malabsorption syndrome * Presence of a newly diagnosed HIV-related opportunistic infection or any medical condition requiring acute therapy at the time of enrollment * Weight \<5 or ≥25 kg at date of first dose (Day 1). * \>Grade 2 aspartate transaminase or alanine transaminase abnormalities * Hypersensitivity to any component of the study medication formulations (ATV/RTV, or a locally prescribed NRTI with a pediatric indication) * Infants and children of either gender \<3 months or ≥5 years and 6 months at the time of first treatment.
Single Center, Open Label, Follow up Study in Subjects Who Previously Received Rabies Vaccine as Simulated Post-Exposure Regimen A Phase III, Single Center, Open Label, Follow-up Immunogenicity Study in Subjects Who Previously Received Post-exposure Rabies Vaccine According to the Essen or 2:1:1 (Zagreb) Schedule This study will evaluate the immunogenicity of rabies vaccine at 13 months, 3 year and 5 years after initial vaccination, administered in two different post-exposure vaccination schedules Inclusion Criteria: * Male and Female subjects who received complete vaccine series in accordance to the designated vaccination schedule in the previous M49P8 study Exclusion Criteria: * Any disease condition, that in the opinion of investigator may interfere with subjects ability to participate in the study. * Receipt of additional doses of rabies vaccine after completion of initial vaccine series. * For additional entry criteria please refer to protocol.
Predictive Value of Pre-TAVI Infrahissian Conduction Time in the Occurrence of Complete Atrioventricular Block Predictive Value of Pre-Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation (TAVI) Infrahissian Conduction Time in the Occurrence of Complete Atrioventricular Block in Patients With Preoperative Right Bundle Branch Block The purpose of the study is implantation of a Pacemaker at 30 days for occurrence of a high-grade conduction disorder per- or post-procedure (yes/no) The main objective is to assess the predictive value of the pre-TAVI infrahelic conduction time interval (infraheal conduction time measured before percutaneous aortic valve implantation) on the risk of Pacemaker implantation at 30 days post-TAVI, in patients with right bundle branch block prior to surgery. The aim of the study is to identify a pre-interventional marker of the risk of rhythmological complication after the TAVI procedure (Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation), in order to better anticipate it. This is an interventional, prospective, longitudinal (follow-up: 12 months), multicenter (4 centers) study. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient suffering from severe aortic stenosis, eligible for a TAVI procedure (Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation) ; * Patient presenting with complete right bundle branch block during the pre-TAVI electrocardiogram, with QRS interval ≥ 120 ms (depolarization of the ventricles); * Patient able to understand the information related to the study, to read the information leaflet and agreeing to participate in the study. ; * Patient having signed a consent. Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindication to Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation ; * Patient under guardianship or curatorship, or under a regime of deprivation of liberty; * Patient participating in another clinical trial, or in a period of exclusion from another clinical trial; * Patient not benefiting from a social security scheme.
Brief Intervention for Suicide Risk Reduction in High Risk Adolescents Brief Intervention for Suicide Risk Reduction in High Risk Adolescents Adolescent suicide is the 2nd leading cause of death in this age group. There are no validated treatments to decrease the risk of adolescent suicidal behavior, and there are especially no interventions to target the highest risk period for adolescent suicide and suicidal behavior, namely during the time of transition from inpatient to outpatient care. This purpose of this project was to develop a novel, brief intervention that can be delivered on an inpatient unit prior to the transition to outpatient care, and augment known factors to protect adolescents from suicidal behavior, and extend the impact of treatment by liaison with the outpatient therapist and the development of a personalized safety plan phone application. This treatment, ASAP, focuses on augmenting adherence to the components of ASAP and outpatient aftercare, development of a personalized Safety Plan, and Affect Protection, through helping the teen and family promote a positive mood, tolerate distress, engage in healthy emotion regulation and access social support. This 2-site R34 project developed a brief, flexible, manualized intervention with supporting phone app with the purpose of reducing the risk of suicidal behavior in adolescents with high suicidal ideation or a recent suicide attempt, during the transition from inpatient to outpatient care. This transition period is the highest risk period for attempted and completed suicide. Suicide is the 2nd leading cause of adolescent mortality, and there are currently no established interventions for suicidal teens. By developing a treatment that can be delivered on an inpatient unit prior to the transition to outpatient treatment, we anticipated being able to lower suicidal risk and increase the likelihood that participants will attend subsequent outpatient treatment. In keeping with the priorities of NIMH, this intervention aimed at reducing the risk of suicide and suicidal behavior was trans-diagnostic. We term the intervention ASAP, with anticipated components: (1) Adherence-promoting engagement and adherence to treatment through motivational interviewing; (2) Safety planning; and (3) Affect Protection- selecting from a menu of techniques for maintaining positive affect (e.g. savoring and switching strategies, mobilizing social support, engaging in emotion regulation and distress tolerance skills). Each of these components was delivered within a Motivational Interviewing framework for enhancing intrinsic motivation for change. Treatment was brief (3-5 hours), and flexibly delivered on inpatient units prior to initiation of outpatient treatment. ASAP included the family in the treatment, and a safety plan phone app to extend the impact of treatment was also developed. Innovative features included: (1) delivery of an intervention at a time and place when suicidal risk is highest; (2) augmentation of protective factors against recurrent suicidal behavior, specifically by promoting development of positive affect, emotion regulation, distress tolerance, and social support; (3) a Safety plan phone app to extend the impact of treatment; and (4) liaison with the outpatient therapist to ensure continuity of care. This project conducted an RCT of ASAP followed by Aftercare (AC) vs. AC alone to determine ASAP's feasibility, acceptability, impact on proximal targets (e.g., adherence to outpatient care, sleep, positive affect, substance use), suicidal ideation and behavior. In total 68 suicidal adolescents were enrolled, 2 of whom were withdrawn following baseline assessment and were excluded from analyses, resulting in the final study sample size of 66. ASAP, developed with and intended for community clinicians, has the potential to be a sustainable intervention to reduce the burden of adolescent suicidality. Data analyses have been completed and results are being finalized. Inclusion Criteria: * Child participants will be adolescents (aged 12-17.11 years) admitted to an inpatient unit for a recent suicide attempt or significant suicidal ideation with a plan or intent. We define a suicide attempt, as per the Columbia Clinical Algorithm for Suicide Assessment (C-CASA), as "self-destructive behavior with inferred or stated intent to die." * Participants must be English-speaking. * Participants can have unipolar or bipolar disorder, conduct or oppositional disorder, eating disorder, or alcohol or substance use or abuse or dependence. Exclusion Criteria: * Child participants to be excluded will be those with current psychosis, mania, \<90% of ideal body weight, or IQ\<70 (based on the age-appropriate Wechsler Intelligence Scale if concerns about intellectual capabilities are evident at assessment), as these conditions may require more intensive interventions or limit comprehension of the intervention components.
Clinical Trial With Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Depot Presentation in Patients With Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis Sensitized to House Dust Mites An Open, Multicenter Clinical Trial With Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Depot Presentation in Patients With Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis Sensitized to House The aim of the study is to evaluate the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with House Dust Mite (HDM) extract in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis with or without associated mild asthma and sensitized to HDM. In addition,surrogate efficacy parameters will be evaluated: immunoglobulin level changes and skin reactivity. It will be recruited 50 patients susceptible to receive SCIT with HDM extract along 5 participating spanish sites. Primary endpoint of the study is to assess the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunotherapy in depot presentation and quick pattern in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis with or without mild asthma sensitized to house dust mites Secondary objective is to evaluate the indirect immunotherapy efficacy through the measurement of immunoglobulin level changes and cutaneous reactivity The aim of present clinical trial is to go deeper into the safety of the vaccine of mixture of DPT and DF (50:50). Although this is the first clinical trial to date to be performed with this vaccine, there have been two clinical trials with the same formulation and DPT 100% as active ingredient( NºEudraCT: 2009-016277-15 and NºEudraCT: 2011-004583-30). Given that there is a remarkable cross-reactivity between the DPT and DF mites, the results of the two clinical trials conducted to date with subcutaneous depot vaccine with Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus 100% extract mite, are very significant Inclusion Criteria: 1. Patients must sign the informed consent form 2. Patients must be between 18 and 60 years of age 3. Patients with perennial allergic rhinoconjunctivitis against HDM during a minimum of 1 year prior to study participation. Although allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is the pathology under study, the inclusion of patients with mild concomitant asthma is allowed (GINA 2015) 4. Patients who obtained a prick test result ≥ 3 mm diameter to HDM. Positive and negative control of the test should give consistent results 5. Patients with specific immunoglobulin E ≥ class 2 (CAP/PHADIA) to HDM 6. Patients sensitized to HDM with clinically relevant symptoms in which treatment with HDM (50:50) vaccine is indicated 7. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative urine pregnancy test at visit 1 8. Women of childbearing potential must agree to use an appropriate contraception method during the study if they are sexually active Exclusion Criteria: 1. Patients who received immunotherapy in the previous 5 years for HDM or for any allergen with cross reactivity or patients that are currently receiving immunotherapy for any allergen 2. Patients with severe asthma or forced expiratory volume in 1 second FEV1 \< 70% even if the are pharmacologically controlled 3. Polysensitized patients besides other airborne allergens Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and Dermatophagoides farinae, which according to the investigator may present clinically relevant to those other airborne allergens while participating in this study 4. Patients with: immunological, cardiac, renal or hepatic illnesses or any other medical condition that the investigator deems relevant so as to interfere with the study 5. Patients with a previous history of anaphylaxis 6. Patients with active chronic urticaria 7. Patients with active severe atopic eczema 8. Patients who have participated in another clinical trial within 3 month prior to enrollment 9. Patients under treatment with tricyclic antidepressives, phenothiazines, β- blockers, or Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors (ACEI) 10. Female patients who are pregnant or breast-feeding 11. Patient who does not attend the visits 12. Patient's lack of collaboration or refusal to participate
Clinical Validation of Lophius Biosciences Kit T-Track® CMV in Allo-HSCT Recipients Clinical Validation of an Improved T-Track® CMV Assay to Assess the Functionality of CMV Protein-reactive Cell-mediated Immunity (CMI) and Its Suitability to Determine a Protective Cut-off Value for Recurrent CMV Reactivations in Allo-HSCT Recipients This study in a cohort of allo-HSCT recipients aims to validate the suitability of an improved T-Track® CMV assay to assess the functionality of CMV protein-reactive effector cells and its suitability to determine cut-off values mediating protection from recurrent CMV reactivations in allo-HSCT recipients. Lophius T-Track® CMV represents a highly standardized and sensitive diagnostic tool to assess the functionality of a network of clinically relevant CMV-reactive effector cells. It is based on the stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) with activated immunodominant CMV proteins, pp65 and IE-1, and the subsequent quantification of CMV-specific CMI (spot forming colonies) using a highly sensitive IFN-γ ELISpot. CMV reactivation after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT) is associated with significant morbidity and increased overall mortality. Patients are generally pre-emptively treated with antiviral medication after elevated levels of CMV copies in peripheral blood or plasma have been detected by quantitative PCR. However, these CMV reactivations are often subclinical and do not lead to complications or CMV disease. In these cases functional CMV- specific effector cells have been shown to mediate protection from clinical symptoms. Monitoring of CMV- specific effector cells after allo-HSCT could help to prevent severe side effects due to unnecessary antiviral treatment. Since the majority of patients develops more than one episode of CMV reactivation, determination of functional CMV-reactive effector cells of cell mediated immunity (CMI) could also help to predict the likelihood of relapsing CMV reactivations and thereby adjust the need for and duration of secondary prophylaxis. Currently available techniques to measure CMV-specific effector cells lack either a functional read out (multimer stain) or are time consuming and difficult to standardize (detection of intracellular interferon gamma (IFN-ᵞ) after in vitro stimulation using flow cytometry). The improved T-Track® CMV assay has the advantage of combining a standardized and highly sensitive test system with a functional read out (IFN-ᵞ production) considering the function of antigen presenting cells (APC) and different populations of clinically relevant effector cells (CTL, T helper-, NK-, NKT cells). Based on experiences of the performance of this assay system in healthy individuals and hemodialysis patients (the latter as part of a performance evaluation - EUDAMED number 00015561) the presented trial aims to validate an improved variant of this test (including optimized, LPS-depleted IE-1 protein) with regard to its suitability to predict freedom from relapse of CMV-reactivation following treatment of CMV reactivation in a cohort of 120-150 patients after allo-HSCT. Moreover, the results will be compared to (i) analysis of leukocyte subpopulations and (ii) multimer techniques detecting CMV-specific CD8 positive T lymphocytes (CTL) (optional). Demonstrating the suitability of the improved T-Track® CMV assay to identify patients at reduced risk for recurrent CMV-reactivation, CMV disease or GvHD would highly improve and optimize follow-up care after allo-HSCT regarding therapy success as well as reduced public health care costs. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients receiving an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation being either CMV seropositive or receiving a graft from a CMV seropositive donor or both, donor and recipient are CMV seropositive (D+/R-, D-/R+, D+/R+) * Patients receiving a first allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell graft * Patient at least 18 years of age * Written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: * Seronegativity for CMV both for patient and donor (D-/R-) * Patients receiving standard anti-CMV prophylaxis * Patients receiving a haploidentical allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell graft * Patients receiving an umbilical cord blood graft * Patients treated with Alemtuzumab (e.g. Campath) * Patient has any form of substance abuse, psychiatric disorder or condition that, in the opinion of the investigator may invalidate communication with the investigator * Lack or withdrawal of informed consent * Patient is unable to comply with the visit schedule in the protocol
A Study of TQB2450 Injection Combined With Anlotinib Hydrochloride Capsule in Subjects With Advanced Endometrial Cancer A Open-label, Multicenter Phase II Study of TQB2450 Injection or Combined With Anlotinib Hydrochloride Capsule in Subjects With Advanced Endometrial Cancer This is a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TQB2450 injection or combined with anlotinib hydrochloride capsule in the treatment of recurrent or metastatic advanced endometrial cancer. Inclusion Criteria: * 1. Understood and signed an informed consent form. 2. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 to 1; Life expectancy ≥ 3 months. 3. Histopathologically confirmed recurrent or metastatic advanced endometrial cancer. 4. Has at least one measurable lesion. 5. Agree to provide tumor tissue samples for MSI/MMR status detection. 6. Adequate laboratory indicators. 7. Serum or urine pregnancy tests are negative within 7 days before randomization; Men and women should agree to use effective contraception during the study period and after the end of the study period within 6 months. Exclusion Criteria: * 1.Concomitant disease and medical history: 1. Has diagnosed and/or treated additional malignancy within 3 years prior to randomization; 2. Pathological diagnosed as uterine sarcoma; 3. Has multiple factors affecting oral medication; 4. Unalleviated toxicity ≥ grade 1 due to any previous anticancer therapy. 5. Has received major surgical treatment, open biopsy and so on within 28 days before the start of the study. 6. Has a unhealed wound or fracture for a long time; 7. Has cerebrovascular accident, deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism within 6 months before the study; 8. Has uncontrollable pleural effusion, pericardial effusion, or ascites requiring recurrent drainage procedures; 9. Has a history of psychotropic substance abuse and unable to quit or mental disorders; 10. Has any serious and / or uncontrolled disease; 2. Tumor-related symptoms and treatment: <!-- --> 1. Has received surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy or other anticancer therapy within 4 weeks before the start of the study; 2. Has received proprietary Chinese medicine with anti-tumor indications in the NMPA approved drug instructions within 2 weeks before the start of the study; 3. Has received immunotherapeutic drugs against PD-1, PD-L1, CTLA-4 and other related drugs; 4. Has used antiangiogenic drugs such as bevacizumab, anlotinib, apatinib, lenvatinib, sorafenib, Sunitinib, regorafenib, fruquintinib, etc; 5. Has received hormone therapy for endometrial cancer within a week before the first dose ; 6. CT or MRI showed that the tumor had invaded the important blood vessels; 7. Has symptomatic central nervous system (CNS) disease and/or cancerous meningitis, pia mater disease; 3. Related to research and treatment: <!-- --> 1. Has received attenuated live vaccine within 28 days before randomization or planned to received attenuated live vaccine during the study period. 2. Has a history of severe allergic diseases. 3. Has active autoimmune diseases requiring systemic treatment occurred within 2 years before the study. 4. Has Participated in other clinical trials within 4 weeks before first dose. 5. According to the judgement of the investigators, there are other factors that may lead to the termination of the study.
Post Approval Study to Evaluate the Trulign™ Toric Posterior Chamber IOL A Prospective, Post Approval Study to Evaluate the Trulign™ Toric Posterior Chamber Intraocular Lens (IOL) To evaluate the incidence of IOL vaulting (ie, position change) of the Trulign™ Toric IOL following cataract surgery. The objective of this post approval safety study is to evaluate the incidence of IOL vaulting (ie, position change) of the Trulign™ Toric IOL following cataract surgery at up to three years post implantation. Inclusion Criteria: * Subjects who are able and willing to comply with the follow-up schedule * Subjects must have a clinically documented diagnosis of age-related cataract that is considered amenable to treatment with standard phacoemulsification/extracapsular cataract extraction * Subjects must require a lens power from 4 to 33 D * Subjects must have a Best Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) equal to or worse than 20/40, with or without a glare source Exclusion Criteria: * Subjects with any anterior segment pathology in the study eye likely to increase the risk of complications from phacoemulsification cataract surgery * Subjects with associated ocular conditions which could affect the stability of the IOL * Subjects with clinically significant irregular corneal astigmatism in the study eye
Asthma Link: A Real World Application of School Supervised Asthma Therapy Asthma Link: A Real World Application of School Supervised Asthma Therapy The goal of this study is to assess the feasibility of a clinical trial to evaluate the impact and process of deploying school-supervised asthma therapy in a real-world setting for children with poorly controlled asthma (aged 6-17 years). The proposed 4-site pilot cluster randomized controlled trial will assess the feasibility of conducting a clinical trial of Asthma Link, a real-world school-supervised asthma therapy program. We will compare the impact of Asthma Link deployed in 2 pediatric practice sites versus Enhanced usual care deployed in 2 comparator sites, with 18 parent-child dyads enrolled per site (N=72 dyads). Primary trial outcomes will be participant recruitment, retention, and intervention fidelity. Secondary trial outcomes will be differences in the frequency of asthma symptoms, emergency department visits, hospital admissions, courses of oral corticosteroids, spirometry values, medication adherence and school absences between intervention and enhanced usual care sites at 3, 6 and 12 month follow up. Additionally we will assess process outcomes (acceptability, adoption, costs, sustainability). STUDY INCLUSION/EXCLUSION CRITERIA: Child Inclusion Criteria: * Meet the eligibility criteria for Asthma Link (as described below) * Enrolled in Asthma Link (if randomized to the Asthma Link Condition) * Able and willing to provide informed assent Child Exclusion Criteria: * Unable or unwilling to provide informed assent * Diagnosis of a serious co-morbid illness during the past 5 years * Developmental delay that would prevent study participation. * Planning on moving from primary residence or moving outside of the school district in the next 1 year * A sibling to a child participating in this study Parent Inclusion Criteria: * Parent/guardian to patient * 18 years or older * Able to understand and communicate in English or Spanish * Able and willing to provide informed consent. Parent Exclusion Criteria: * Adults lacking capacity * Prisoners Medical Provider, School Nurse, Asthma Champion Inclusion Criteria: • Able and willing to provide informed consent Medical Provider, School Nurse, Asthma Champion Exclusion Criteria: • Unable or unwilling to provide informed consent Child eligibility for children enrolled in Asthma Link: * children aged 6-17 years (enrolled in grade 1-12) * prescribed daily inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) for asthma * 1 or more courses of oral steroids in the past 2 years OR 1 or more hospitalizations or ED visits for asthma in the past 2 years OR 1 or more sick visits for asthma in the past year OR Asthma Control Test (ACT) score \<19 * parent/child report of poor ICS adherence on adherence checklist- i.e. child or parent says "Yes" when provider asks if they have difficulty remembering to take their medication or if they regularly take medication holidays or breaks * able and willing to assent * parental permission * English or Spanish speaking
Stent vs. Indomethacin for Preventing Post-ERCP Pancreatitis Stent vs. Indomethacin for Preventing Post-ERCP Pancreatitis: The SVI Trial Background: Pancreatitis is the most frequent complication of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP), accounting for substantial morbidity, occasional mortality, and increased health care expenditures. Until recently, the only effective method of preventing post-ERCP pancreatitis (PEP) had been prophylactic pancreatic stent placement (PSP), an intervention that is costly, time consuming, technically challenging, and potentially dangerous. The investigators recently reported the results of a large randomized controlled trial demonstrating that rectal indomethacin, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, reduced the risk of pancreatitis after ERCP in high-risk patients, most of whom (\>80%) had received a pancreatic stent. Secondary analysis of this RCT suggested that subjects who received indomethacin alone were less likely to develop PEP than those who received a pancreatic stent alone or the combination of indomethacin and stent, even after adjusting for underlying differences in subject risk. If indomethacin were to obviate the need for PSP, major clinical and cost benefits in ERCP practice could be realized. Objective: To assess whether rectal indomethacin alone is non-inferior to the combination of rectal indomethacin and prophylactic pancreatic stent placement for preventing post-ERCP pancreatitis in high-risk cases. Methods: Comparative effectiveness multi-center non-inferiority trial of rectal indomethacin alone vs. the combination of rectal indomethacin and prophylactic pancreatic stent placement for the prevention of post-ERCP pancreatitis in high-risk patients. One thousand four hundred and thirty subjects at elevated risk for PEP who would normally receive a pancreatic stent for prophylaxis will be randomized to indomethacin alone or the combination of indomethacin and PSP. The proportion of patients developing PEP and moderate-severe PEP will be compared. In addition, the investigators will establish a quality-assured central repository of biological specimens obtained from study participants, permitting future translational research elucidating the molecular and genetic mechanisms of PEP, as well as the mechanisms by which non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs prevent this complication. The purpose of the SVI study is to determine whether or not rectal indomethacin has no important loss of efficacy as compared to the combination of rectal indomethacin and prophylactic pancreatic stent placement in patients undergoing high-risk ERCP who require pancreatic stent placement (PSP) for the sole purpose of pancreatitis prevention. The primary efficacy endpoint is defined as post-ERCP pancreatitis defined per consensus (Altanta) criteria. Another way of stating the trial's purpose is that the proportion of subjects with post-ERCP pancreatitis on rectal indomethacin alone is not more than that of the combination of rectal indomethacin and prophylactic PSP by more than a pre-specified absolute amount (i.e., the non-inferiority margin). This is a blinded, two-armed non-inferiority trial where eligible patients will be randomized to either the combination treatment or indomethacin alone. Participants will be randomized during the ERCP procedure after eligibility is confirmed, and receive indomethacin at the time of randomization. The primary efficacy endpoint of post-ERCP pancreatitis within 2 days from randomization will be assessed by an independent adjudication panel. The participant follow-up period is 30 days from randomization. Inclusion Criteria: Any patient undergoing ERCP in whom pancreatic stent placement is planned for post-ERCP pancreatitis prevention, is ≥ 18 years old, who provides informed consent, AND: Has one of the following: 1. Clinical suspicion of or known sphincter of Oddi dysfunction 2. History of post-ERCP pancreatitis (at least one prior episode of pancreatitis after ERCP) 3. Pancreatic sphincterotomy 4. Pre-cut (access) sphincterotomy (freehand pre-cut and septotomy) 5. Difficult cannulation: cannulation duration ≥ 6 minutes (starting at time of initial papillary engagement with at least 25% of the time in contact with the papilla) AND/OR ≥ 6 cannulation attempts (defined as sustained contact with papilla lasting at least 1 second). 6. Short-duration (≤ 1 min) balloon dilation of an intact biliary sphincter. Or has at least 2 of the following: 7. Age \< 50 years old \& female gender 8. History of recurrent pancreatitis (at least 2 episodes) 9. ≥3 pancreatic injections 10. Pancreatic acinarization 11. Pancreatic brush cytology Exclusion Criteria: 1. Ampullectomy 2. Cases in which a pancreatic stent must be placed for therapeutic intent 3. Unwillingness or inability to consent for the study 4. Pregnancy 5. Breast feeding mother 6. Standard contraindications to ERCP 7. Allergy to Aspirin or NSAIDs 8. Known renal failure (Cr \> 1.4 mg/dl) 9. Ongoing or recent (within 2 weeks) hospitalization for gastrointestinal hemorrhage 10. Ongoing or recent (within 1 week) hospitalization for acute pancreatitis 11. Known chronic calcific pancreatitis 12. Pancreatic head malignancy 13. Procedure performed on major papilla/ventral pancreatic duct in patient with pancreas divisum (no manipulation of minor papilla) 14. ERCP for biliary stent removal or exchange without anticipated pancreatogram 15. Subjects with prior biliary sphincterotomy now scheduled for repeat biliary therapy without anticipated pancreatogram 16. Anticipated inability to follow protocol 17. Absence of rectum
Assessing Impact of Active Learning on Student Outcomes: Texas Initiatives for Children's Activity and Nutrition (ICAN) A Cluster Randomized Control Trial to Assess the Impact of Active Learning on Child Activity, Attention Control, and Academic Outcomes: The Texas I-CAN Trial Background: Active learning is designed to pair physical activity with the teaching of academic content. This has been shown to be a successful strategy to increase physical activity and improve academic performance. The existing designs have confounded academic lessons with physical activity. As a result, it is impossible to determine if the subsequent improvement in academic performance is due to: (1) physical activity, (2) the academic content of the active learning, or (3) the combination of academic material taught through physical activity. Methods / Design: The Texas I-CAN project is a 3-arm, cluster randomized control trial in which 28 elementary schools were assigned to either control, math intervention, or spelling intervention. As a result, each intervention condition serves as an unrelated content control for the other arm of the trial, allowing the impact of physical activity to be separated from the content. That is, schools that perform only active math lessons provide a content control for the spelling schools on spelling outcomes. This also calculated direct observations of attention and behavior control following periods of active learning. Discussion: This design is unique in its ability to separate the impact of physical activity, in general, from the combination of physical activity and specific academic content. This, in combination with the ability to examine both proximal and distal outcomes along with measures of time on task will do much to guide the design of future, school-based interventions. Inclusion Criteria: * students in 4th grade in a participating elementary school and their 4th grade teachers Exclusion Criteria: * none
Descriptive Analysis of Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Prostate Gland Cancer, Which Spreads to Other Parts of the Body, Who Were Treated First With Novel Anti-hormone Therapy Followed by a Second Line Treatment With Novel Anti-Hormone Therapy or RadIum-223 (Xofigo). DescriPtive Analysis of Real-world Clinical Outcomes of Second Line (2L) Novel Anti-HormonE Therapy (NAH) or RadIum-223 (Xofigo) in Patients With Metastatic Castration Resistance Prostate Cancer (mCRPC) After First Line (1L) NAH Therapy In this study researcher want to learn more about the overall survival in patients suffering from prostate gland cancer which spread outside the prostate to other parts of the body who received either a novel anti-hormone therapy (NAH) or Radium-223 (Xofigo) after a prior NAH therapy (first line treatment). Additionally the researchers are also interested in the occurrence of bone fractures and other skeletal events. Basis for this study will be the US based Flatiron database which provides access to clinical data for cancer patients. Inclusion Criteria: * Patients with documented mCRPC receiving 1L NAHs. * Initiation of Ra-223 after 1L NAH therapy, or * Initiation of sequential NAH therapy after 1L NAH therapy Exclusion criteria: * Patients involved in clinical trials * Patients who received combined therapies in 1L or 2L
Hummingbird TTS Ear Tube Delivery Study Continued Evaluation of the Preceptis Medical, Inc. Tympanostomy Ear Tube Introducer The purpose of this study is to determine if the Hummingbird ear tube delivery system is a safe and effective way to put ear tubes in place. The objective of this study is to evaluate the safety and performance of the TTI device for the placement of ear tubes in patients undergoing a tympanostomy tube placement procedure.The trial will be a multi-site, prospective, treatment only study of the Preceptis ear tube introducer . Patients will already have a scheduled tympanostomy procedure. Enrollment in the study at each site will begin after receipt of Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval. Patients will be considered enrolled at the time the informed consent document is signed. A maximum of two hundred fifty (250) subjects will be included in the study at up to 5 sites. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Scheduled to undergo tympanostomy tube insertion. 2. At least 6 months old. 3. Subject is able and willing to comply with follow-up requirements. 4. Signed Informed Consent, Parental Consent Form, or Child Assent Form as applicable. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Any condition that in the opinion of the investigator may place the subject at greater risk (e.g., pregnancy) 2. Significantly atrophic tympanic membrane. 3. Significantly atelectatic tympanic membrane. For example, the tympanic membrane is in contact with the promontory of the cochlea. 4. Anatomy precludes sufficient visualization and access to the tympanic membrane.
Hemodialysis and Erythrocyte Fatty-Acid Status: a Lipidomics Study Hemodialysis and Erythrocyte Fatty-Acid Status: a Lipidomics Study Hypotension with potentially serious consequences for organ perfusion is a common complication in extracorporeal procedures such as hemodialysis / hemofiltration. The exact reasons for this are still insufficiently clarified. Probably periinterventional vasorelaxant released substances play a crucial role in these procedures. These substances could be due to contact of blood cells with the Membrane in the dialyzer / hemofilter arise. In this project the hypothesis will be checked, if EETs / DHETs are released by Erythrocytes during hemodialysis and thus act as potential candidate products for the result of hypotonic phases in the Dialysis. We will determine differences in RBC fatty acids profiling in hemodialysis patients before and after dialysis intervention. Furthermore a matched control group of healthy individuals will be profiled. RBC fatty acids profiling will be achieved by using targeted HPLC-MS mass spectrometry. It is believed that during hemodialysis / HLM / CVVH there is an increase in EETs / DHETs in the serum and in the erythrocytes. It is believed that shear forces play an important role in the release of erythrocyte EETs / DHETs. Differences in Erythrocyte Fatty-Acid Status Profiling in: * before and after hemodialysis intervention * in hemodialysis patients and healthy individuals Venous blood will be collected from each subject in the sitting position Inclusion Criteria for hemodialysis patients: * Patients who have a history of renal failure and undergo hemodialysis / hemofiltration * Age over 18 years * Ability to consent * There is a written consent of the study participant Exclusion Criteria for healthy control group: * chronic illness requiring any medication * pregnancy * limitations regarding functioning in the hypoxic chamber * inability to follow simple instructions relevant or severe abnormalities in medical history, physical examination
Pilot Randomized-controlled Trial of Integrated Palliative and Nephrology Care Versus Usual Nephrology Care. A Pilot Randomized-Controlled Study Of The Impact Of Integrated Palliative And Nephrology Care Versus Usual Nephrology Care On Symptom Burden, Quality Of Life And Advance Care Planning In Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease Stage V Not On Dialysis The objective of this application is to conduct a pilot study testing the impact of integrated nephrology and palliative care versus standard nephrology care on patient-reported outcomes. This study is a preliminary study designed to determine feasibility of a palliative care study inclusive of kidney disease patients and to look for trends in impact over a 12-week follow-up period. Measurements will be taken at time one (time of enrollment) and time two (12 weeks). Our central hypothesis is that integration of palliative care with standard nephrology care in the ambulatory care of patients with a glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≤15ml/min/1.73m2 will trend towards improved symptom control, quality of life, and increased documentation of advance care planning when compared to usual nephrology care. We expect 10-15 patients per arm. Inclusion Criteria: In order to be eligible to participate in this study, an individual must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Age ≥18 2. Fluent English speaker 3. eGFR≤15 mL/min/1.73m2 (diagnosis of CKD stage V) 4. Able to give consent 5. Must be followed by a faculty group practice nephrologist Exclusion Criteria: An individual who meets any of the following criteria will be excluded from participation in this study: 1. Diagnosis of dementia 2. Non-English speaker 3. Have been seen by a palliative care provider prior to study entry 4. Pregnant women 5. On dialysis or have received a kidney transplant
Survey of Sexual Health in Cancer Patients Sexual Health in Cancer Patients: a Survey and Pilot Study of Psychosexual Therapy as a Non-pharmacological Supportive Care Sexual health, a vital aspect of the overall human health and a critical component of quality of life, can be negatively affected by cancer and cancer treatments. Although prevalence rates of sexual difficulties vary depending on several factors including primary diagnosis, treatment modality and methods of assessment, estimates rates are reported to range from 40% to 100%. Despite the abundant literature on sexuality and intimacy, communication about sexual health is often absent or inadequate between patients and health care providers. In this context, more research is needed to understand patients' priorities and needs for information about sexuality. The purpose of this study is to assess the main difficulties faced by patients in their sexual life and to evaluate patient's satisfaction after having followed sessions of psychosexual therapy proposed at Rafaël Institute, France. The survey will be conducted using questionnaires developed specifically for this study. All questions will be coded through a Likert scale from 1 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree). Responses to each question will be analyzed with higher mean scores (\>4) indicating main difficulties faced by patients in their sexual life. Patients will also express their positive or negative state of agreement regarding questions evaluating their satisfaction after following a program of psychosexual therapy. Approximately 200 patients will be invite to participated in this survey after provided oral consent. Sexual health, a vital aspect of the overall human health can be negatively affected by cancer and cancer treatments. Sexual dysfunctions affect the quality of life of an individual since sexual health is a critical component of overall quality of life. The World Health Organization (WHO) defines sexual health as "a state of physical, emotional, mental and social well-being in relation to sexuality; and not merely the absence of disease, dysfunction or infirmity". Indeed, regular sexual activity reduces stress, regularizes sleep cycle, and regulates our mental wellbeing as a whole. Although prevalence rates of sexual difficulties vary among cancer patients and depend on several factors including primary diagnosis, treatment modality and methods of assessment, estimates rates can range from 40% to 100%. For example, in a French national survey focusing on sexual health of patients with colorectal or breast cancer two years after diagnosis, 54% of patients (235 of 435) reported to have a decrease in sexual desire and 61% had a decrease in frequency of intercourse. Despite these problems have been well documented in the literature and in practice guidelines, many cancer survivors have limited access to high quality information on sexual health. Indeed, communication about sexual health is often absent or inadequate between patients and the medical team. Among barriers reported by health care providers for avoiding discussing this topic are lack of time, insufficient training, absence of awareness about the subject and unavailable access to integrative medicine solutions where they could send their patients. Cultural values, religious beliefs and social norms may also have significant implications. Recognizing patients' sexual problems can help health care providers to offer appropriate integrative non-pharmacological interventions to different group of patients. In this context, more research is needed to understand patients' priorities and needs for information about sexuality. The purpose of this study is to assess the main difficulties faced by patients in their sexual life and to evaluate patient's satisfaction after having followed sessions of psychosexual therapy proposed at Rafaël Institute, France. Inclusion Criteria: * cancer patients * adults aged \> 18 years old Exclusion Criteria: * \<18years old
Targeted Extinction of Drug Cues During Sleep - Olfactory Cue Reactivity Task Targeted Extinction of Drug Cues During Sleep - Olfactory Cue Reactivity Task The study aims to utilise olfactory stimulation in addition to the visual stimulation in cue reactivity tasks to enhance precision in measuring alcohol based cues in individuals diagnosed with heavy drinking. The study consists of one cue reactivity task with visual stimuli, another cue reactivity task with matching odour/visual stimuli and lastly a monetary incentive delay task. The intention of the study is to enhance the measurement precision in image-based cue reactivity task by introducing a new level of stimuli in the form of odours. During the course of the functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) screening, participants are required to finish three tasks, namely; odour-based cue reactivity task (OCRT), image-based cue reactivity task(ICRT) and monetary incentive delay task (MID). Participants will be randomly divided into two groups, one group will receive tasks in the following order: OCRT-MID-ICRT and the other group will receive them in the following order: ICRT-MID-OCRT. With this, the habituation effect from receiving odours during OCRT is expected to be balanced. Inclusion Criteria: * An Heavy Drinking diagnosis, confirmed by Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test * Ability to provide fully informed consent and to use self-rating scales in fMRI * Understanding of the German language Exclusion Criteria: * Severe mental or physical illnesses * Insomnia * Any metal parts and pieces in the body * Claustrophobia; fear of confined spaces
Comparison Study of Electrocardiogram Indexes in Patients With Epilepsy, Patients With First Seizure and Normal Population Comparison Study of Electrocardiogram Indexes in Patients With Epilepsy, Patients With First Seizure and Normal Population According to recent advances in epileptic heart and sudden unexplained death in epilepsy, in this study the investigators aimed to compare ECG findings in patients with epilepsy, patients who had experienced their first seizure and patients without history of seizure. Inclusion Criteria for group 1: * History of epilepsy for at least 2 years * Taking antiseizure medications Inclusion Criteria for group 2: - Solid history of first seizure confirmed by a neurologist Inclusion Criteria for group 3: - No history of seizure Exclusion Criteria: * History of known cardiac disease or medical condition precipitating cardiac disease * Electrolyte imbalance Taking medications with significant effect on ECG indexes
Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Trifenatate in the Treatment of Asthma in Adolescent and Adult Subjects of Asian Ancestry. A Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Multicentre Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Trifenatate (FF/VI) Inhalation Powder Delivered Once Daily for 12 Weeks in the Treatment of Asthma in Adolescent and Adult Subjects of Asian Ancestry Currently Treated With Low to Mid-strength Inhaled Corticosteroid or Low-strength Combination Therapy. A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group multicentre study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol trifenatate (FF/VI) inhalation powder delivered once daily for 12 weeks in the treatment of asthma in adolescent and adult subjects of Asian ancestry currently treated with lowe to mid-strength inhaled corticosteroid or low-strength combination therapy. This will be a randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled, parallel group, multi-centre study. At Visit 1 (Screening Visit) subjects who meet all of the inclusion criteria and none of the exclusion criteria will enter a two week run-in period. Subjects will remain on their current ICS therapy throughout the run-in period. At the end of the run-in period (Visit 2) subjects meeting the Randomisation criteria will enter a 12 week treatment period and receive one of the two following treatments: 1) FF/VI (100/25mcg) administered once daily in the evening via a Novel Dry Powder Inhaler (NDPI) 2) Placebo administered once daily in the evening via a NDPI In addition, all subjects will be supplied with albuterol/salbutamol inhalation aerosol to be used as required to treat asthma symptoms. Subjects who have not met the randomisation criteria at Visit 2 will be withdrawn from the study. Subjects meeting the randomisation criteria will be randomized to one of the two treatment groups and will attend the clinic for 3 on-treatment visits at Week 4 (Visit 3), Week 8 (Visit 4) and Week 12 (Visit 5). Subjects will receive treatment for 12 weeks. A Follow-up Visit or phone call (Visit 6) will take place 1 week after completing study medication. All clinic visits will take place in the morning. Subjects will participate in the study for a maximum of 15 weeks (Screening to Follow-up inclusive). A subject is regarded to have completed the study if they complete all phases of the study (Screening, treatment, Follow-up). Inclusion Criteria: 1. Informed Consent: All subjects must be able and willing to give written informed consent to take part in the study. 2. Type of Subject: Outpatients, of Asian ancestry, 12 years of age or older at Visit 1 (or ≥18 years of age or older if local regulations or the regulatory status of study medication permit enrolment of adults only), with a diagnosis of asthma as defined by the Global Initiative for Asthma \[GINA, 2009\] at least 12 weeks prior to Visit 1. 3. Gender: Male or Eligible Female, defined as non-childbearing potential or childbearing potential using a protocol defined acceptable method of birth control consistently and correctly. Female subjects should not be enrolled if they are pregnant, lactating or plan to become pregnant during the time of study participation. A serum pregnancy test is required for females of childbearing potential at the initial Screening Visit (Visit 1) and Visit 5 or Early Withdrawal 4. Severity of Disease: A best FEV1 of 40%-90% of the predicted normal value at the Visit 1, Screening visit. Predicted values will be based upon NHANES III using the adjustment for Asians \[Hankinson, 2010\]. 5. Reversibility of Disease: Demonstrated ≥12% and ≥200mL reversibility of FEV1 within 10-40minutes following 2-4 inhalations of albuterol/salbutamol inhalation aerosol (or one nebulised treatment with albuterol/salbutamol solution) at the Screening Visit. 6. Current Anti-Asthma Therapy: All subjects must be using an ICS, with or without LABA, for at least 12 weeks prior to Visit 1, in accordance with the protocol defined acceptable dose ranges. 7. Short-Acting Beta2-Agonists: All subjects must be able to replace their current short-acting beta2-agonists with albuterol/salbutamol inhaler at Visit 1 for use as needed for the duration of the study. Subjects must be able to withhold albuterol/salbutamol for at least 4 hours prior to study visits Exclusion Criteria: 1. History of Life-threatening asthma: Defined for this protocol as an asthma episode that required intubation and/or was associated with hypercapnea, respiratory arrest or hypoxic seizures within the last 10 years. 2. Respiratory Infection: Culture-documented or suspected bacterial or viral infection of the upper or lower respiratory tract, sinus or middle ear that is not resolved within 4 weeks of Visit 1 and led to a change in asthma management or, in the opinion of the Investigator, is expected to affect the subject's asthma status or the subject's ability to participate in the study. 3. Asthma Exacerbation: Any asthma exacerbation requiring oral corticosteroids within 12 weeks of Visit 1 or that resulted in overnight hospitalization requiring additional treatment for asthma within 6 months prior to Visit 1. 4. Concurrent Respiratory Disease: A subject must not have current evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, atelectasis, pulmonary fibrotic disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, chronic bronchitis, emphysema, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or other respiratory abnormalities other than asthma. 5. Other Concurrent Diseases/Abnormalities: A subjects must not have any clinically significant, uncontrolled condition or disease state that, in the opinion of the investigator, would put the safety of the patient at risk through study participation or would confound the interpretation of the efficacy results if the condition/disease exacerbated during the study. 6. Oropharyngeal Examination: A subject will not be eligible for the run-in if he/she has clinical visual evidence of candidiasis at Visit 1. 7. Allergies: •Drug Allergy: Any adverse reaction including immediate or delayed hypersensitivity to any beta2-agonist, sympathomimetic drug, or any intranasal, inhaled, or systemic corticosteroid therapy. Known or suspected sensitivity to the constituents of the new powder inhaler (i.e., lactose or magnesium stearate). •Milk Protein Allergy: History of severe milk protein allergy. 8. Concomitant Medications: Use of the protocol defined prohibited medications prior to Screening (Visit 1) or during the study, in accordance with the protocol. 9. Tobacco Use: Current smoker or subjects with a smoking history of 10 pack years (e.g., 20 cigarettes/day for 10 years). A subject may not have used inhaled tobacco products within the past 3 months (i.e., cigarettes, cigars, smokeless or pipe tobacco). 10. Affiliation with Investigator's Site: A subject will not be eligible for this study if he/she is an immediate family member of the participating Investigator, Sub Investigator, study coordinator, or employee of the participating Investigator. 11. Previous Participation: A subject may not have previously been Randomized to treatment in another Phase III fluticasone furoate/VI combination product study (i.e., HZA113714, HZA106827, HZA106829, HZA106837, HZA106839, HZA106851, HZA113091). 12. Compliance: A subject will not be eligible if he/she or his/her parent or legal guardian has any infirmity, disability, disease, or geographical location which seems likely (in the opinion of the Investigator) to impair compliance with any aspect of this study protocol, including visit schedule and completion of the daily diaries.
ASTHMA-Educator Mobile Application Manage Asthma The ASTHMA-Educator: A Novel Algorithmic Software Tool to Help Manage Asthma Through this study, the investigators developed the ASTHMA-Educator mobile application, and evaluated its use among adult asthma patients at Montefiore. Through this study, the investigators developed the ASTHMA-Educator mobile application, and evaluated its use through 2 phases: 1) Phase 1 = process outcomes evaluation with 30 patients); and 2) Phase 2 (longitudinal clinical evaluation with 40 patients receiving the intervention at baseline, 2 months, 4 months, and 6 months). The study's primary outcome is asthma control. Inclusion Criteria: Adults (\>18 years) with: (a) severe asthma (i.e. at least one asthma-related ED visit and/or hospitalization in the previous year); (b) access to a smartphone with short message service (SMS) capability; (c) English speaking; (d) able to give informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: (a) use of oral corticosteroids in the 2 weeks prior to the baseline visit; (b) pregnancy; (c) severe psychiatric or cognitive problems that would prohibit an individual from understanding and completing the protocol; and (d) patients that previously received the ASTHMAXcel application.
Genistein in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer Phase 2 Trial of Genistein in Men With Circulating Prostate Cancer Cells RATIONALE: Genistein may stop the growth of tumor cells by blocking some of the enzymes needed for cell growth. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying how well genistein works in treating patients with prostate cancer. PRIMARY OBJECTIVES: I. Determine whether genistein treatment will decrease the number of circulating prostate cells (CPCs) in the peripheral blood as measured by qRT-PCR for PSA performed on RNA extracted from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMNCs). SECONDARY OBJECTIVES: I. Determine the natural history of circulating prostate cells (CPCs) in a cohort of subjects prior to and post radical prostatectomy. II. Compare the measurement of PSA between three separate methods: in CPCs by qRT-PCR, in serum by the standard clinical chemistry assay (i.e., ELISA), and in plasma and serum by the nano-PSA assay. III. Measure the effect of genistein on gene and protein expression in prostate tissue by qRT-PCR and immunohistochemistry, respectively, for the following genes and their respective protein products: HSP27, MMP-2, ALK-2, BASP1, and HCF2. OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. ARM I: Patients receive oral genistein once daily for 3 months beginning at least 1 month prior to radical prostatectomy. ARM II: Patients receive oral placebo once daily for 3 months beginning at least 1 month prior to radical prostatectomy. All patients undergo radical prostatectomy at least 2 weeks, but not more than 3 months following the start of therapy. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed at 1, 6, and 12 months. Inclusion * Participants must have a pathologic diagnosis of prostate cancer within the past 6 months, have clinical stage T1-3 disease, PSA \>= 10, Gleason score \>= 8, and have elected to undergo radical prostatectomy; those found to have detectable circulating prostate cancer cells in the blood as detected by qRT-PCR for PSA will be eligible to proceed onto the treatment phase of the protocol; pathology slides used for diagnosis will be submitted to the SPORE tissue pathology core for review * ECOG performance status 0-1 * Hemoglobin \> 9.0gm/dl * Platelets \>= 100 K/uL * ANC \> 1000/uL * AST (SGOT)/ALT (SGPT) \< 3X upper limit of normal * Creatinine \< 2.0 mg/dl * Total bilirubin \< 2 mg/dl (Note: Subjects with a higher level of bilirubin due to a familial defect in bilirubin metabolism will be considered on an individual basis) * Participants must agree not to take soy supplements * Ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document * Willingness to take study agent for at least 2 weeks prior to radical prostatectomy Exclusion * History of venous thrombosis within past year * Participants must not be receiving active therapy for neoplastic disorders (including hormone or radiation therapy for prostate cancer) * Participants may not be receiving any other investigational agents * Known soy intolerance * Medical conditions that, in the opinion of the investigators, would jeopardize either the patient or the integrity of the data obtained
Trial to Test Effectiveness of Depression Intervention for Mistreated Older Adults EM/PROTECT-Hybrid: Improving Depression in Elder Mistreatment Victims The investigators developed EM/PROTECT, a behavioral intervention for depressed EM (elderly mistreatment) victims, to work in synergy with EM mistreatment resolution services that provide safety planning, support services, and links to legal services. PROTECT is built on a model which postulates that chronic stress promotes dysfunction of the cognitive control (CCN) and reward networks, impairing the victims' ability to flexibly respond to the environment and limits their reward activities. PROTECT therapists work with victims to develop action plans to reduce stress, and to increase rewarding experiences. EM/PROTECT has been designed in an iterative process with community EM providers of the New York City (NYC) Department for the Aging (DFTA) to use agencies' routine PHQ-9 depression screening and referral for service. In the current study, the investigators will compare the effectiveness of EM/PROTECT with EM enriched with staff training in linking EM victims to community mental health services (EM/MH). The investigators intend to enroll 50 subjects that will participate in the study for approximately 12 weeks. Inclusion Criteria: * 55 years of age or older * Capacity to consent (per Elder Mistreatment staff) * Significant depression (per Elder Mistreatment staff) as indicated by a score of 10 or above on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), a widely used screening tool routinely administered in Elder Mistreatment (EM) agency settings (the PHQ-9 has a sensitivity of 88% and a specificity of 88% for major depression) * Need for EM services Exclusion Criteria: * Active suicidal ideation (Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale item 10\>4) * Inability to speak English or Spanish * Axis 1 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (DSM-5) diagnoses other than unipolar depression or generalized anxiety disorder (by Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-5) * Severe or life-threatening medical illness * EM emergency and or referral out of EM agency (per EM staff)
Mindfulness in Post Acute Sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection (PASC) Dysautonomia Effects of a Mindfulness Intervention on Physical and Psychological Well-Being and Quality of Life in Patients With Post Acute Sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection (PASC) Dysautonomia The current pilot study will recruit participants experiencing new, returning, or ongoing symptoms related to COVID-19 illness for at least four weeks after being first infected with SARS-CoV-2. All participants will attend a virtual 6-week course entitled Mindful Awareness Practices (MAPs) created, hosted and led by expert facilitators from the Mindful Awareness Research Center (MARC) at University of California Los Angeles (UCLA). This intervention will consist of a mix of lecture, practice, group feedback, and discussion regarding mindfulness. Mindfulness is the mental state achieved by focusing one's awareness on the present while acknowledging and accepting any feelings, thoughts, or bodily sensations. The research team will collect self-reported measures of mental health symptoms, physical health symptoms, and demographic information before and after participants attend MAPs. Objective health measures will also be collected by the research team including an active stand test, a 6-minute walk, and a blood sample. The purpose of the current pilot project is to assess the feasibility and effects of a 6-week group mindfulness intervention in patients with Post Acute Sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection (PASC)-related dysautonomia. This single-arm study uses a one group pretest/posttest design. A convenience sample of patients will be recruited from the Ahmanson-University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) COVID-19 Cardiology Specialty Clinic and UCLA Long COVID Program. Outcomes Measures: Once consented, eligible participants will complete a baseline demographics survey, preintervention assessments including the composite autonomic symptom scoring (COMPASS-31), outcome measures questionnaires for perceived stress, anxiety, depression, fatigue, resilience, sleep, event specific distress, well-being and quality of life. A peripheral blood collection device for evaluation of inflammatory gene expression will be performed along with an active stand test and 6- minute walk prior to the mindfulness intervention. The same measures will be collected following completion of the intervention. Additionally, a logbook of patient self-reported practice frequency will be reviewed, and a focused 3 question audio recorded interview will be conducted at the post intervention visit. At 4-week follow-up post intervention, the final set of assessment questionnaires, and a 3-question mindfulness experience survey will be collected. Intervention: Participants will complete a virtual group based 6-week mindfulness meditation-based intervention, Mindful Awareness Practices (MAPs), developed by Diana Winston and colleagues at the Mindful Awareness Research Center (MARC) at UCLA. In response to COVID-19 precautions participants will meet virtually for six weekly, 2-hour group sessions. The group size is estimated at 15 participants. MAPs is a standardized intervention that has been used in several previous studies. MAPS includes presentation of theoretical framework and materials on mindfulness, relaxation, and the mind-body connection, and experiential practice of meditation. Lecture, discussion, and group process focus on solving problems concerning barriers to effective practice, working with difficult thoughts and emotions, managing pain, and cultivation of loving kindness. Written materials are provided with a summary of information covered each week. Additionally, participants are instructed to practice mindfulness exercises at home on a daily basis (5-20 minutes/day) and advised in the informal use of mindfulness in daily life. Participants will be asked to keep a self-reported log of their daily practice. Classes will be led by experienced mindfulness instructors who received specialized training at the UCLA MARC Center. Overview: Baseline Visit (in person): collect within 1-2 week(s) prior to the intervention. Consent Baseline demographics survey COMPASS-31: the composite autonomic symptom score Questionnaires: perceived stress (PSS), anxiety (GAD-7), depression (PHQ 8), event specific distress (IES-R), fatigue (FSI), sleep (ISI), well-being (MHC-SF), resilience (CD-RISC10), QOL (SF-20). Tasso device blood collection for evaluation of inflammatory gene expression. Perform an active stand test Perform 6-minute walk Post Intervention Visit (in person): collect within 1-2 weeks post intervention completion COMPASS-31: the composite autonomic symptom score Questionnaires: perceived stress (PSS), anxiety (GAD-7), depression (PHQ 8), event specific distress (IES-R), fatigue (FSI), sleep (ISI), well-being (MHC-SF), resilience (CD-RISC10), QOL (SF-20). Tasso device blood collection for evaluation of inflammatory gene expression Perform an active stand test Perform Six-minute walk Three question mindfulness experience focused interview Frequency of Practice Logbook review 4-Week Post Intervention Visit (remote link / in person NOT required): collect 4 weeks (+2) post intervention Questionnaires: perceived stress (PSS), anxiety (GAD-7), depression (PHQ 8), event specific distress (IES-R), fatigue (FSI), sleep (ISI), well-being (MHC-SF), resilience (CD-RISC10), QOL (SF-20). 3-question Likert mindfulness experience survey Inclusion Criteria: Adult females (18 years - 54 years of age) * Previous SARS-CoV-2 infection confirmed by Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing and diagnoses of PASC and dysautonomia confirmed by objective testing (e.g., autonomic reflex screen, active stand test) * Ability to comprehend English and complete assessments and patient-reported surveys * Availability of a smartphone, tablet, or computer with Internet access Exclusion Criteria: * Inability to participate in the virtual intervention or complete outcomes surveys * Current participation regular mindfulness practice * Current enrollment in another COVID-19 related study.
Study Looking at Longitudinal Changes in Fatigue and Health Status in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Patients Treated With Subcutaneous Anti-TNF-α Therapy Longitudinal Changes In Fatigue And Health Status (aims2) In Ra Patients Treated With Sc Anti-tnf-alpha Therapy People affected by rheumatoid arthritis are often suffering from fatigue and decreased QOL. In this study we are measuring the impact of SC biologics on these parameters. Observational prospective study Purely descriptive Inclusion Criteria: Patients who: * Are active RA patients (as judged by treating MD) * Are 18 years of age or older at time of consent * Are scheduled by their rheumatologist to initiate SC anti-TNF-α therapy + MTX Exclusion Criteria: Use of biologics (or any experimental drug) in the last 3 months before initiation of SC anti-TNF-α therapy. Participation in other clinical or observational trials
Evaluation of a Booster Administration of GAD-alum (Diamyd®) in Individuals With Type 1 Diabetes A Phase I/II Open Label Pilot Study to Evaluate the Safety and Feasibility of an Additional Intralymphatic Booster Administration of GAD-alum (Diamyd®) in Individuals With Type 1 Diabetes The objective of the study is to evaluate the feasibility and safety of administering a 4th or 5th intralymphatic booster dose of GAD-alum (Diamyd®) to T1D patients carrying HLA DR3-DQ2, who have earlier been treated with three or four intralymphatic doses of GAD-alum (Diamyd®) respectively. The study is a phase I/II, single arm, open label pilot clinical trial. Eligible patients will receive one booster injection of Diamyd® administered into an inguinal lymph node. The patients will be assessed for eligibility at the screening visit (Visit 1). Patients with a Vitamin D level \<100 nmol/L (40 ng/mL) at screening will receive oral Vitamin D supplementation (2000 IU daily) for 60 days, starting 30 days prior to the injection. On Visit 2 (Day 0), patients eligible for the study will receive one intralymphatic injection of 4µg Diamyd® Inclusion Criteria: 1. Informed consent given by patients and/or patient's parent(s) or legal acceptable representative(s) (guardian(s)) according to national regulations 2. T1D according to the ADA classification 3. Carry HLA DR3-DQ2 haplotype 4. Prior participation in either the DIAGNODE-1 or the DIAGNODE-2, having received four or three intralymphatic injections of Diamyd, respectively. 5. Females must agree to avoid pregnancy and have a negative urine pregnancy test. Patients of childbearing potential must agree to use adequate contraception, until 90 days after the administration of Diamyd. Adequate contraception is as follows: For females of childbearing potential: 1. oral (except low-dose gestagen (lynestrenol and norestisteron)), injectable, or implanted hormonal contraceptives 2. combined (estrogen and progestogen containing) 3. oral, intravaginal or transdermal progesterone hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation 4. intrauterine device 5. intrauterine hormone-releasing system (for example, progestin-releasing coil) 6. bilateral tubal occlusion 7. vasectomized male (with appropriate post vasectomy documentation of the absence of sperm in the ejaculate) 8. male partner using condom 9. abstinence from heterosexual intercourse For males of childbearing potential: 1. condom (male) 2. abstinence from heterosexual intercourse Exclusion Criteria: 1. Previous or current treatment with immunosuppressant therapy (although topical or inhaled steroids are accepted) 2. Continuous treatment with anti-inflammatory drug (sporadic treatment e.g. because of headache or in connection with fever a few days will be accepted) 3. Treatment with any oral or injected anti-diabetic medications other than insulin 4. Treatment with Vitamin D, marketed or not, or unwilling to abstain from such medication during the supplementation period 5. A history of anemia or significantly abnormal hematology results at screening 6. A history of epilepsy, head trauma or cerebrovascular accident, or clinical features of continuous motor unit activity in proximal muscles 7. Clinically significant history of acute reaction to vaccines or other drugs in the past, including Diamyd 8. Treatment with any vaccine, including influenza or Covid19 vaccine, within 1 month prior to planned study drug dose administration or planned treatment with any vaccine up to 1 month after the injection with study drug 9. Participation in clinical trials (other than DIAGNODE-1 and DIAGNODE-2) with a new chemical entity within the previous 3 months 10. Inability or unwillingness to comply with the provisions of this protocol 11. A history of alcohol or drug abuse 12. A significant illness other than diabetes within 2 weeks prior to first dosing s 13. Ongoing diagnosed or suspected post-Covid19 syndrome 14. Known HIV or hepatitis 15. Females who are lactating or pregnant (the possibility of pregnancy must be excluded by urine βHCG on-site within 24 hours prior to the Diamyd treatment) 16. Presence of associated serious disease or condition, including active skin infections that preclude intralymphatic injection, which in the opinion of the investigator makes the patient non-eligible for the study 17. Deemed by the investigator not being able to follow instructions and/or follow the study protocol
Strongest Families (Formerly Family Help Program): Pediatric Disruptive Behaviour Disorder Strongest Families (Formerly Family Help Program):Primary Care Delivery by Telephone for Psychological and Behavioural Problems (Pediatric Disruptive Behaviour Disorder) The purpose of the Strongest Families (formerly Family Help Program)is to evaluate the effectiveness of the Strongest Families distance intervention compared to usual or standard care that is typically provided to children with mild to moderate Disruptive Behaviour symptomology. This is a single-centre trial based at the IWK Health Centre. The primary outcome is change in diagnosis. The purpose of the Strongest Families (formerly Family Help Program): is to deliver, primary care mental health services to children and their families in the comfort and privacy of their own home. Approximately 60 children (3-7 years of age)suffering from mild to moderate (but clinically significant) symptoms of pediatric behavior disorder will be randomized. The intervention is delivered from a distance, using educational materials (manuals, video-tapes, audio-tapes) and telephone consultation with a trained paraprofessional "coach" who is supervised by a licensed health care professional. The telephone coach delivers consistent care based on written protocols, with on-going evaluation by a professional team. Fifty percent of the eligible participants will receive Family Help Program telephone-based treatment and 50% will be referred back to their family physician to receive standard care as determined by that physician. Those receiving standard care will be evaluated for outcome results and then compared to the Strongest Families treated participants. It is anticipated that Strongest Families treatment will be proven to be as or more effective than standard care. Inclusion Criteria: * child 3 to 7 years of age * child had behavioural problems for 6 months or longer * access to a telephone in the home * speak and write english * mild to moderate disruptive behaviour symptomology Exclusion Criteria: * severe disruptive behaviour symptomology * received similar intervention within past 6 months * Autism or Schizophrenia * child has intellectual impairment
Flossing Technique With Neuromuscular Reeducation Exercises in Trained Subjects Flossing Technique Together With a Protocol of Neuromuscular Reeducation Exercises in the Improvement of Dorsiflexion of the Ankle and the Perception of Effort When Performing a Squat in Trained Subjects. A Randomized Clinical Trial. Introduction. A deficit of dorsiflexion and motor control can limit the performance of a squat. Neuromuscular reeducation exercises, mobility and elasticity are used in the neuromuscular control and mobility of the kinetic chain. The Flossing technique is applied to improve ankle mobility and the perception of effort. Objective. To compare the efficacy of a protocol for neuromuscular reeducation exercises, mobility and elasticity, and the Flossing technique in ankle mobility and perception of effort when performing squats. Study design. Randomized, multicenter, single-blind clinical study with a follow-up period. Methodology. 40 weightlifters included in the study will be assigned randomly to the study groups: experimental (protocol of reeducation exercises plus the application of the Flossing technique) and control (protocol of reeducation exercises). The intervention will last 4 weeks, with two weekly sessions of 15 minutes each. The variables of the study will be the range of movement of ankle dorsiflexion (Weight Bearing Lunge Test) and the perception of the effort during the squat (Borg scale). A descriptive statistical analysis will be carried out calculating the main statistical characteristics. The distribution of the sample will be analyzed using the Kolmogorov-Smirnof test. In case of homogeneity, parametric tests will be used to calculate changes after each evaluation (t-student) and the intra- and intersubject effect (repeated measures ANOVA). Expected results. Improvement in dorsiflexion of the ankle and decrease in the perception of effort during the squat. Inclusion Criteria: * From 18 to 24 years old * Male * That they be weight lifters with at least one year of experience * That they do not present musculoskeletal injury or pathology in the three months prior to the beginning of the study Exclusion Criteria: * Can not be present during the 6 weeks of the intervention and the evaluations will be excluded * Under pharmacological treatment * Who are performing another physiotherapy study * Not sign the informed consent document.
Trial for A Novel Facilitated Antegrade Steering Technique in Revascularization of Coronary Chronic Total Occlusions A Prospective, Multi-center, Non-Randomized Controled Trial for A Novel Facilitated Antegrade Steering Technique in Revascularization of Coronary Chronic Total Occlusions In Chinese Population--FAST CTO China To assess the safety and efficacy of the BridgePoint CTO system in recanalization of CTO lesions which are resistant to a conventional wire approach in a multicenter study in Chinese population All subjects who are candidates for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), signed the informed consent form and had chronic total coronary occlusion (CTO) lesion will be evaluated for enrollment in this study.At least 100 subjects will be enrolled. Each site will be allowed to enroll up to a maximum of 25 subjects. Primary Effectiveness Endpoint: Technical Success: the ability of the BridgePoint Medical System to successfully facilitate placement of a guidewire beyond a CTO lesion in the true vessel lumen/within the collaterals in those cases that were otherwise refractory to treatment with a currently marketed guidewire Primary Safety Endpoint: 30-day MACE rate for CTO cases in which the BridgePoint Medical System was used. MACE is defined as the composite of cardiac death, Q-wave and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction(MI), and any ischemia-driven target lesion revascularization(TLR). Inclusion Criteria: * Subject must be ≥ 18 but \< 80 years of age * Subject (or legal guardian) understands the trial requirements and the treatment procedures and provides written informed consent before any trial-specific tests or procedures are performed * Subject is eligible for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) * Subject has symptomatic coronary artery disease or myocardial infraction (MI) with objective evidence of ischemia or silent ischemia * Subject is an acceptable candidate for coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) * Subject is willing to comply with all protocol-required follow-up evaluation * Subject has a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) ≥45% as measured within 60 days prior to enrollment Angiographic Inclusion Criteria: AI1. A maximum of one de novo CTO lesion in a native coronary artery with thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade 0 AI2. Non-acute CTO lesion with an estimated duration of at least 3 months by clinical history and/or comparison with previous angiogram or electrocardiogram(ECG) AI3. The CTO lesion must have an angiographic landing zone≥ 10 mm proximal to any major bifurcation without severe calcification. AI4. Lesion length \< 40mm without excessive tortuosity and angulation(\>45°) Exclusion Criteria: * Subject has clinical symptoms and/or ECG changes consistent with Acute MI (include STEMI and Non- STEMI) within 1 week * Subject has cardiogenic shock, hemodynamic instability requiring inotropic or mechanical circulatory support, intractable ventricular arrhythmias, or ongoing intractable angina * Subject has received an organ transplant or is on a waiting list for an organ transplant * Subject is receiving or scheduled to receive chemotherapy within 30 days before or after the index procedure * Planned PCI (including staged procedures) or CABG after the index procedure * Subject has a known allergy to contrast (that cannot be adequately pre-medicated) and/or protocol-required concomitant medications (e.g., aspirin or all thienopyridines) * Subject has one of the following (as assessed prior to the index procedure): Other serious medical illness (e.g., cancer, congestive heart failure) with estimated life expectancy of less than 12 months / Current problems with substance abuse (e.g., alcohol, cocaine, heroin, etc.) / Planned procedure that may cause non-compliance with the protocol or confound data interpretation * Subject is receiving chronic (≥72 hours) anticoagulation therapy (i.e., heparin, coumadin) * Subject with out of range complete blood count (CBC) values that are determined by the study physician to be clinically significant. * Subject is on dialysis or has baseline serum creatinine level \>2.0 mg/dL (177µmol/L) * Subject has a history of bleeding diathesis or coagulopathy or will refuse blood transfusions * Subject has had a history of cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or transient ischemic attack (TIA) within the past 6 months * Subject has an active peptic ulcer or active gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding * Subject has signs or symptoms of active heart failure (i.e., NYHA class IV) or LVEF \< 45% at the time of the index procedure * Subject is participating in another investigational drug or device clinical trial that has not reached its primary endpoint or intends to participate in another investigational drug or device clinical trial within 12 months after the index procedure * Subject had PCI within the previous 2 weeks * Subject with known intention to procreate within 12 months after the index procedure (women of child-bearing potential who are sexually active must agree to use a reliable method of contraception from the time of screening through 12 months after the index procedure) * Subject is a woman who is pregnant or nursing (a pregnancy test must be performed within 7 days prior to the index procedure in women of child-bearing potential) Angiographic Exclusion Criteria: AE1. Target lesion is an aorto-ostial lesion or located in left main coronary artery, previous venous or arterial bypass grafts AE2. Target lesion involving a segment of previous stent AE3. Target vessel has excessive tortuosity and/or angulation proximal to the target lesion(\>45°) AE4. Target lesion and/or the target vessel proximal to the target lesion is moderately to severely calcified by visual estimate AE5. Target lesion is located within 5 mm of the origin of the left anterior descending (LAD) coronary artery or left circumflex (LCx) coronary artery by visual estimate AE6. Target lesion will be accessed via a saphenous vein graft or arterial graft AE7. Subject has unprotected left main coronary artery disease (\>50% diameter stenosis) AE8. Thrombus, or possible thrombus, present in the target vessel (by visual estimate) AE9. Target vessel has a dissection greater than National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute (NHLBI) type C
A Study to Evaluate Safety and Immunogenicity of 1 Booster Dose of 1790GAHB Vaccine in Healthy Adults Primed With 3 Doses of 1790GAHB Vaccine in Study H03_01TP Compared to 1 Vaccination of 1790GAHB in Either Subjects Who Received Placebo in the Same Study or naïve Subjects Not Part of H03_01TP Study A Phase 1, Open Label, Non-randomized, Single Center Study to Evaluate the Safety and Immunogenicity of 1 Booster Vaccination With (GVGH Shigella Sonnei 1790GAHB) Vaccine Administered Intramuscularly in Healthy Adults Previously Primed With Three Doses of the Same Vaccine in Study H03_01TP Compared to 1 Vaccination With (1790GAHB) Administered Intramuscularly Either to Subjects Who Received Placebo in the H03_01TP Study or naïve Subjects Who Were Not Part of H03_01TP Study GVGH Shigella Sonnei 1970GAHB is a vaccine aimed at preventing the disease caused by Shigella sonnei. A post-hoc analysis of subjects who participated in the parent study showed significantly different responses in subjects with detectable versus undetectable antibody titres at baseline, suggesting the possibility that the vaccine might not be sufficiently immunogenic in completely naïve adults. This study was then designed to further characterize the immunogenicity profile of the vaccine and to evaluate whether it was able to induce an immunological memory response. Inclusion Criteria: * Males and females, aged 22 to 50 years, who were previously vaccinated, with either vaccine (3 doses) or placebo, in H03_01TP and who had undetectable antibody titers at baseline, or Males and females, aged 22 to 50 years, who were not part of H03_01TP. * Individuals who, after the nature of the study has been explained to them, and prior to any protocol specific procedures being performed, have given written consent according to local regulatory requirements. * Individuals in good health as determined by the outcome of medical history, physical examination, hematological blood tests and clinical judgment of the investigator. * If women of child-bearing potential, have a negative urinary pregnancy test prior study vaccination and willingness to use acceptable birth control measures for the entire study duration. * Individuals affiliated to a social security regimen. Exclusion Criteria: * Individuals with behavioral or cognitive impairment or psychiatric disease that, in the opinion of the investigator, may interfere with the subject's ability to participate in the study. * Individuals with any progressive or severe neurological disorder, seizure disorder or Guillain-Barré syndrome. * Individuals who are not able to understand and to follow all required study procedures for the whole period of the study. * Individuals with known hepatitis B or C or suspected HIV infection or HIV related disease with history of an autoimmune disorder or any other known or suspected impairment /alteration of the immune system. * Progressive, unstable or uncontrolled clinical conditions. * Hypersensitivity, including allergy, to any component of vaccines, medicinal products or medical equipment whose use is foreseen in this study. * Individuals with a known bleeding diathesis, or any condition that may be associated with a prolonged bleeding time. * Clinical conditions representing a contraindication to intramuscular vaccination and blood draws. * Abnormal function of the immune system resulting from: * Clinical conditions; * Systemic administration of corticosteroids for more than 14 consecutive days within 90 days prior to informed consent; * Administration of antineoplastic and immunomodulating agents or radiotherapy within 90 days prior to informed consent. * Received immunoglobulins or any blood products within 180 days prior to informed consent. * Study personnel as an immediate family or household member. * Any other clinical condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, might interfere with the results of the study or pose additional risk to the subject due to participation in the study. * Individuals who have received an investigational product in another clinical trial 28 days prior to first study visit or intent to receive another investigational product at any time during the conduct of this study. * Individuals who received any other vaccines within 4 weeks prior to enrollment in this study or who are planning to receive any vaccine within the entire study duration. Inactivated influenza vaccine can be given, but only 4 weeks earlier or 4 weeks later than the date of immunization. * Individuals who have received blood, blood products, and/or plasma derivatives including parenteral immunoglobulin preparations in the past 180 days. * Individuals with body temperature \> 38.0 degrees Celsius within 3 days of intended study vaccination. * Individuals with Body Mass Index \> 30 kg/m2. * Individuals with history of substance or alcohol abuse within the past 2 years. * Women who are pregnant or are breast-feeding, or are of childbearing age who have not used or do not plan to use acceptable birth control measures, for the duration of the study. * Females with history of stillbirth, neonatal loss, or previous infant with anomaly. * Individuals who have a previously laboratory confirmed or suspected disease caused by S. sonnei. * Individuals who have had household contact with/and or intimate exposure to an individual with laboratory confirmed S. sonnei. * Any condition, which, in the opinion of the investigator may pose an increased and unreasonable safety risk to the subject if participating to the present study. * Individuals with a neutrophil count value lower than 1.8 10\^9/L at screening assessment. * Individuals with human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-B27 positive and/or with history of reactive arthritis. * Previous history of Benign Ethnic Neutropenia or drug related Neutropenia and/or concomitant treatment with neutropenic agents.
A Study on Safety and Efficacy of Tocilizumab (RoActemra/Actemra) Alone or in Combination With Non-Biologic Antirheumatics in Participants With Rheumatoid Arthritis Multi-Center, Open Label, Single Arm Phase IIIB Study on Safety and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Tocilizumab in Monotherapy or in Combination With Methotrexate or Other Non-Biologic Disease Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients With an Inadequate Response to Non-Biologic DMARDs - OSCAR This multi-center, open-label single arm Phase IIIb study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of subcutaneous (SC) tocilizumab administered as monotherapy and/or in combination with methotrexate or other non-biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) in participants with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) with an inadequate response to non-biologic DMARDs. Inclusion Criteria: * Participants with a diagnosis of active RA according to the revised (1987) ACR criteria or EULAR/ACR (2010) criteria. * Oral corticosteroids (≤10 mg/day prednisone or equivalent), nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and non-biologic DMARDs are permitted if on a stable dose regimen for greater than or equal to (≥\]) 4 weeks prior to Baseline. * Use of effective contraception throughout the study as defined by protocol; female participants of childbearing potential cannot be pregnant. Exclusion Criteria: * Presence of clinically significant medical conditions. * History of diverticulitis, diverticulosis requiring antibiotic treatment, or chronic ulcerative lower gastrointestinal disease that might predispose to perforation. * Current or history of recurrent bacterial, viral, fungal, mycobacterial, or other infections. * Any infection requiring hospitalization or treatment with intravenous antibiotics within 4 weeks of Screening or oral antibiotics within 2 weeks of Screening. * Clinically significant findings on laboratory tests. * Positive hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis C antibody. * Active tuberculosis requiring treatment within the previous 3 years. * Evidence of active malignant disease, malignancies diagnosed within the previous 10 years, or breast cancer diagnosed within the previous 20 years. * History of alcohol, drug, or chemical abuse within 1 year prior to Screening. * Neuropathies or other conditions that might interfere with pain evaluation. * Major surgery (including joint surgery) within 8 weeks prior to Screening or planned major surgery within 6 months following Baseline. * Rheumatic autoimmune disease other than RA, including systemic lupus erythematosis, mixed connective tissue disorder, scleroderma, polymyositis, or significant systemic involvement secondary to RA (e.g., vasculitis, pulmonary fibrosis or Felty's syndrome). Secondary Sjögren's syndrome with RA is permitted. * Functional Class IV as defined by the ACR Classification of Functional Status in RA. * Diagnosis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis or juvenile RA, and/or RA before the age of 16 years. * Prior history of or current inflammatory joint disease other than RA. * Exposure to tocilizumab (either intravenous or SC) at any time prior to Baseline. * Treatment with any investigational agent within 4 weeks (or five half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is longer) of Screening. * Previous treatment with any cell-depleting therapies, including investigational agents or approved therapies, with alkylating agents such as chlorambucil, or with total lymphoid irradiation. * Treatment with IV gamma globulin, plasmapheresis within 6 months of Baseline. * Immunization with a live/attenuated vaccine within 4 weeks prior to Baseline.
Oxitone Sp02 Hypoxia Test Versus Reference Pulse Oximetry Oxitone Sp02 Hypoxia Test Versus Reference Pulse Oximetry The purpose of this study is to conduct a SpO2 hypoxia evaluation of the Oxitone Medical Oxitone 1000 pulse oximeter. The Oxitone 1000 pulse oximeter will be evaluated during non-motion conditions over the range of 70-100% SpO2 in comparison to a Reference Pulse Oximeter. The study is observational in nature which quantifies device performance and accuracy in compassion to a Reference Pulse Oximeter. The purpose of this study is to conduct a SpO2 hypoxia evaluation of the Oxitone Medical Oxitone 1000 pulse oximeter. The Oxitone 1000 pulse oximeter will be evaluated during non-motion conditions over the range of 70-100% SpO2 in comparison to a Reference Pulse Oximeter. The end goal is to show the SpO2 accuracy performance of the Oxitone 1000 and if needed, use the data to make improvements prior to an arterial blood hypoxia study. A Clinimark 3900 Reference Pulse Oximeter or Nellcor N-600x will be used for the SpO2 calibration. There are no risks or adverse device effects to be assessed. There are no contraindications for use in the proposed study / study population The Control Pulse Oximeter, GE Healthcare (Datex-Ohmeda) 3900, an FDA cleared device, is used to monitor the oxygen saturation levels real time throughout the study for subject safety and to target stable plateaus. This device is used to assess the stability of the data. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy individuals between the age of 18-50 Exclusion Criteria: * Clotting disorders, diabetes, currently taking psychotropic medications
A Study to Assess Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of ABBV-8E12 in Subjects With Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP) A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Multiple Dose Study to Assess Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of ABBV-8E12 in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy The purpose of this study was to assess efficacy, safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of ABBV-8E12 in participants with progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP). This was a Phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple dose, multicenter study consisting of a screening period of up to 8 weeks (56 days), a 52-week double-blind treatment period, and a post-treatment follow-up period of approximately 20 weeks following last study drug administration (for those participants who prematurely discontinued from treatment, declined to participate in or did not qualify for participation in a long term extension \[LTE\] study). At the end of the treatment period, extended treatment was available for eligible participants who completed the 52-week treatment period and entered the separate long-term extension study (NCT03391765; Study M15-563). There were 3 cohorts in the study (Cohort 1, Cohort J1, and Cohort 2). Cohort 1 had augmented safety and pharmacokinetic (PK) assessments in the first 30 participants enrolled into the global study from countries other than Japan. Cohort J1 had augmented safety and PK assessments in the first 9 participants enrolled into the study from Japan. Cohort 2 consisted of all other participants enrolled in the global study not participating in Cohort 1 or Cohort J1. This study was prematurely discontinued because the program for progressive supranuclear palsy was discontinued due to lack of efficacy of study drug. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female participant with age 40 years or greater at the time of signed consent * Meets the criteria for possible or probable progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP; Steele-Richardson-Olszewski Syndrome) * Presence of PSP symptoms for less than 5 years * Participant is able to walk 5 steps with minimal assistance (stabilization of one arm or use of cane/walker) * Participant has an identified, reliable, study partner (e.g., caregiver, family member, social worker, or friend) Key Exclusion Criteria: * Participants who weigh less than 44 kg (97 lbs) at screening * Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score less than 15 at screening * Any contraindication or inability to tolerate brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) * Participant resides at a skilled nursing or dementia care facility, or admission to such a facility is planned during the study period * Evidence of any clinically significant neurological disorder other than PSP * The participant has a history of or currently has schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder or bipolar disorder according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (DSM-V) or International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10) criteria * Participant has had a significant illness or infection requiring medical intervention in the past 30 days
Magnetic Resonance Neurography Analysis of Healthy Human Thoracic Dorsal Root Ganglion Magnetic Resonance Neurography Analysis of Healthy Human Thoracic Dorsal Root Ganglion Here, this study aimed to conduct magnetic resonance neurography (MRN) of the thoracic DRGs in a cohort of healthy individuals. The acquired images will be thoroughly analyzed utilizing 3D-slicer software. We expect to furnish crucial baseline anatomical data of thoracic DRGs in healthy subjects, provide an anatomical basis for clinical investigation and therapeutic interventions. Chronic neuropathic pain remains a world's public health challenges, affecting hundreds of millions of people worldwide. It is estimated that 11.2% of general-practice patients suffer from neuropathic pain, and many continue to suffer from intractable pain and/or undesirable side effects. Neuropathic pain refers to the entire somatosensory system, encompassing both central and peripheral neuropathic pain. In recent years, although significant advancements have been achieved in the mechanism and management of neuropathic pain, and numerous pharmaceutical agents and therapeutic approaches have been utilized for its treatment, the outcomes still to be less than optimal. Moreover, the adverse side effects associated with certain first- and second-line medications, such as antidepressants and anticonvulsants, as well as the potential for opioid addiction, significantly impact patients' adherence to treatment. Hence, there remains a need for continued investigation into effective strategies for the management of neuropathic pain. Therapies focused on the dorsal root ganglion (DRG) have emerged as a significant intervention in the clinical practice of pain physicians for the management of chronic pain, given its integral and important role in the signals transmission from the peripheral nervous system to the central nervous system. Accurate positioning holds paramount importance during the treatment process, necessitating clinicians to possess a comprehensive understanding of the morphology, distribution, and interconnections of the dorsal root ganglia across various segments. Currently, there exists a limited number of in vivo investigations concerning the dorsal root ganglion (DRG), with a predominant emphasis on the lumbar segment, which have mostly used invasive neuroradiography. The investigation on thoracic DRG remains largely unexplored. However, herpes zoster, the most prevalent form of neuropathic pain, manifests most frequently in the thoracic segment. Furthermore, the studies of herpes zoster reveal that DRG plays a significant role in the progression of the disease and the transmission of pain signals. Hence, a comprehensive comprehension of the anatomy and variability of thoracic DRGs assumes significance not only in accurately comprehending the pathological anatomy of neuropathic pain in the thoracic region, but also in providing guidance for interventional and individualized treatment targeting the DRGs. Inclusion Criteria: 1. age between 40 and 75 years; 2. height between 145cm to 180cm; 3. BMI between 18.5 to 30. Exclusion Criteria: 1. scoliosis; 2. history of thoracic surgery and pain; 3. history of spinal trauma and surgery; 4. failure or inability to complete magnetic resonance neurography (MRN) scans.
Influence of Vitamin D Treatment on Multi-systemic Functions in Young Men With Vitamin D Deficiency Due to Work Conditions Prospective, Randomized, Double Blind Placebo Controled Clinical Trial to Assess the Multi- Systemic Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Young Men With Vitamin D Deficiency Vitamin D has multiple systemic effects: bone and calcium metabolism, muscle function, insulin responsiveness, body-composition regulation, cell differentiation, and the immune system. Proper status of vitamin D is found to be related to risk reduction in hypertension, cardiac and vascular diseases, autoimmune diseases, and others. Furthermore, vitamin D supplementation resulted in improved endothelial function. Limited sun exposure may lead to vitamin D deficiency, and it may be assumed that modern life styles lead to a lack of sun exposure. Long work-days may be the primary risk factor for vitamin D deficiency. The purpose of this research is to study the effect of vitamin D treatment on multi systemic functions in young healthy men with vitamin D deficiency due to working conditions. The study has 2 stages: first stage would be survey of 400 employees, who will fill out a questionnaire to identify occupational and demographic risk factors, a nutritional questionnaire, and data from periodic checkups will be collected. Participants will sign a consent form for vitamin D level determinations, and for freezing blood samples. From this survey, the participants that have vitamin D deficiency (25(OH)D levels \< 20 ng/ml) will continue to the second stage of the study - administration of vitamin D or placebo. Participants in the interventional study will sign an additional consent form. Length of follow-up: one year. All parameters will be tested at 0, 6, and 12 months. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy men between 20-65 years old * For stage 2: baseline 25(OH)D levels \< 20 ng/ml Exclusion Criteria: * Liver dysfunction * Kidney dysfunction * Patients with unbalanced chronic diseases * Regular use of medications that lower serum vitamin D levels, or which interfere with intestinal vitamin D absorption
Sarcopenic Obesity in Neurodisabilities Sarcopenic Obesity in Neurodisabled People To describe the frequency and thresholds for sarcopenic obesity in neurodisabled persons and the fat and lean mass distribution based on various neurodisabilities Inclusion Criteria: Persons with * stroke / cerebrovascular disease * traumatic brain injury * multiple sclerosis * spinal cord injuries (including spinal cord lesions i.e. myelopathies etc.) Exclusion Criteria: Persons with * heterotopic ossifications, * chronic administration of drugs, which promote fat increase * chronic administration of drugs, which promote bone or muscle loss * co-existing other diseases such as: endocrinopathies, muscular dystrophies, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
The Effects of Modafinil on Waking Function and on Sleep in Individuals With Primary Insomnia Phase 4 Study of the Effects of Modafinil on Waking Function and on Sleep in Individuals With Primary Insomnia This study examines how treatment with the drug modafinil, by itself or in combination with cognitive behavioral treatment for insomnia (CBT-I), may improve daytime functioning and/or diminish the severity of insomnia. Our primary goal is to undertake a 2nd study evaluating whether Modafinil, alone or in combination with behavioral treatment for insomnia, will improve subjects' sleep continuity and/or self report daytime function. METHODS AND PROCEDURES Schedule for Procedures. Screening interview Sleep over night in our lab for one night 8 weeks of either behavioral or psychological therapy for insomnia 3 month post therapy follow up (two weeks of sleep diaries and one lab visit) 40 patients aged 25-80 with insomnia. All subjects will have a stable sleep/wake schedule with a preferred sleep phase between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM. The age range is restricted to 1) minimize circadian rhythm influences on the diagnoses of Psychophysiological insomnia, 2) to increase our ability to recruit medically healthy sample, and 3) increase sample homogeneity. All subjects will meet diagnostic criteria for Psychophysiological Insomnia according to the International Classification of Sleep Disorders (ICSD). Criteria are: the complaint of insomnia and impaired daytime function; an indication of learned sleep-preventing associations and somatized tension; active help seeking. The complaint of disturbed sleep will have one or more of the following characteristics: \>30 minutes to fall asleep and/or \>2 awakenings per night of \>15 minutes duration and/or wake after sleep onset time of \> 30 minutes, problem frequency \>4 nights/ week, and problem duration \>6 months. In addition, all subjects will complain of fatigue and/or sleepiness at intake. Treatment. Regardless of group assignment, all subjects will 1) wear an actiwatch, 2) be seen on an individual basis for 8 weeks. Session length will be held constant and all patients will be seen by the same therapist (Wilfred Pigeon, PhD). Backup support will be provided by the Principal Investigator (Michael Perlis, PhD) or by the Clinic's Nurse Practitioner (Carla Jungquist, MSN) and 3) complete daily sleep diaries for duration of the study (from study intake until study end \[8 weeks\]). Inclusion Criteria: * 40 patients aged 25 with insomnia, will be recruited over a 3-6 month interval. * All subjects will have a stable sleep/wake schedule with a preferred sleep phase between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM. * Must live in the Greater Rochester NY area * All subjects will meet diagnostic criteria for Psychophysiological Insomnia according to the International Classification of Sleep Disorders (ICSD). Criteria are: the complaint of insomnia and impaired daytime function; an indication of learned sleep-preventing associations and somatized tension; active help seeking. The complaint of disturbed sleep will have one or more of the following characteristics: \>30 minutes to fall asleep and/or \>2 awakenings per night of \>15 minutes duration and/or wake after sleep onset time of \> 30 minutes, problem frequency \>4 nights/ week, and problem duration \>6 months. In addition, all subjects will complain of fatigue and/or sleepiness at intake. Exclusion Criteria: * As above
Ultrasound Assessment of Ventral Hernia Defects Ultrasound Assessment of Ventral Hernia Defects Quantitative radiographic imaging holds promise as a novel and innovative strategy to assess ventral hernia patients. Assessing abdominal wall changes surrounding ventral hernia using shear wave velocity values measured with ultrasound will identify features of the abdominal wall that differ between healthy volunteers and subjects scheduled to have ventral hernia repair. Through the use of ultrasound including shear wave velocity measurements, the abdominal wall of 25 subjects scheduled to have ventral hernia repair will be compared to those of 35 healthy volunteers. The ultrasound measurements will elucidate if ventral hernia affects abdominal wall elasticity and effect surgical outcomes. ARFI-SWV Ultrasound holds promise as an inexpensive, noninvasive, point-of-care diagnostic tool for pre-operatively predicting successful hernia repair. The investigators propose to develop and refine a quantitative ultrasound protocol to measure abdominal wall features suitable for predicting successful closure of the midline fascia. ARFI-SWV ultrasound represents a novel and intriguing modality for real time visualization and characterization of changes in the biomechanical properties of diseased musculoskeletal tissues. In this study, ARFI-SWV ultrasound is hypothesized to preoperatively measure the stiffness in the lateral abdominal wall as an estimation for mobility during hernia repair. Preoperatively evaluating hernia severity through ARFI-SWV ultrasound will be performed to identify mechanical characteristics of the abdominal musculature to predict success of midline fascial re-approximation in hernia patients. The study proposes to compare ultrasound images and associated shear wave velocity measurements between 35 healthy volunteers and 25 subjects undergoing surgical repair for ventral hernia. Subjects with ventral hernia will undergo imaging no earlier than two weeks prior to elective hernia repair and again postoperatively within six months following repair at a standard followup visit. Statistical analysis will determine if there is a significant difference in the abdominal wall stiffness, represented by the ultrasound shear wave velocity measurements, between the healthy subjects and the subjects with ventral hernia. Further analysis will determine if there is any statistically significant relationship between abdominal wall stiffness of subjects with ventral hernia and surgical outcomes. Inclusion Criteria: * male or female between 20-70 years of age * healthy volunteer or seeking elective ventral hernia repair Exclusion Criteria: * pregnant women
The Immunogenicity and Safety of the Vaccination of Inactivated Enterovirus 71 Vaccine and Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Multiple Centers, Randomized, and Control Trail on the Immunogenicity and Safety of the Simultaneously Vaccination of Inactivated Enterovirus 71 Vaccine (EV71) and Seasonal Influenza Vaccine(SIV) The purpose of this study is to evaluate the Immunogenicity and safety of the simultaneously vaccination of Inactivated Enterovirus 71 Vaccine (EV71) and seasonal influenza vaccine(SIV) Main subjects: The seroconversion rate for each antigen when EV71 is administrated with SIV Secondary subjects: The positive rate of antibody for each antigen when EV71 is administrated with SIV The safety for each antigen when EV71 is administrated with SIV Inclusion Criteria: * Parent/legal acceptable representative is willing and able to understand the protocol requirements and provide informed consent. * Participant is aged ≥ 6 month to \<12 months. * Participant without preventive inoculation of Enterovirus 71 Vaccine ,seasonal influenza vaccine vaccine and previous history of Enterovirus. * Subject and parent/guardian able to attend all scheduled visits and comply with all trial procedures. * Body temperature ≤ 37.0#. Exclusion Criteria: * Known allergy to any constituent of the vaccine. * Known acute illness, severe chronic disease, acute exacerbation of chronic disease and fever. * Known or suspected impairment of immunologic function, or receipt of immunosuppressive therapy or immunoglobulin since birth. * Reported the history of allergies, convulsions, epilepsy, mental illness and brain disease and clear serious systemic reaction. * Known bleeding disorder. * Receipt of the whole blood, blood plasma or immunoglobulin before the trial vaccination. * Reported the history of acute illness had need systemic antibiotics or antiviral treatment of infections in the 7 days preceding the trial vaccination. * An acute illness with or without fever (temperature ≥ 38.0#) in the 3 days preceding enrollment in the trial. * Participation in any other intervention clinical trial. * Any condition which, in the opinion of the investigator, would pose a health risk to the subject or interfere with the vaccine.
Study to Evaluate Tezepelumab in Adults & Adolescents With Severe Uncontrolled Asthma A Multicentre, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Tezepelumab in Adults and Adolescents With Severe Uncontrolled Asthma (NAVIGATOR) A Multicentre, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Tezepelumab in Adults and Adolescents with Severe Uncontrolled Asthma This is a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, parallel group study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tezepelumab in adults and adolescents with severe, uncontrolled asthma on medium to high-dose ICS and at least one additional asthma controller medication with or without OCS. Approximately 1060 subjects will be randomized globally. Subjects will receive tezepelumab, or placebo, administered via subcutaneous injection at the study site, over a 52-week treatment period. The study also includes a post-treatment follow-up period of 12 weeks. Inclusion Criteria: * Age. 12-80 * Documented physician-diagnosed asthma for at least 12 months * Subjects who have received a physician-prescribed asthma controller medication with medium or high dose ICS for at least 12 months. * Documented treatment with a total daily dose of either medium or high dose ICS (≥ 500 µg fluticasone propionate dry powder formulation equivalent total daily dose) for at least 3 months. * At least one additional maintenance asthma controller medication is required according to standard practice of care and must be documented for at least 3 months. * Morning pre-BD FEV1 \<80% predicted normal (\<90% for subjects 12-17 yrs) * Evidence of asthma as documented by either: Documented historical reversibility of FEV1 ≥12% and ≥200 mL in the previous 12 months OR Post-BD (albuterol/salbutamol) reversibility of FEV1 ≥12% and ≥200 mL during screening. * Documented history of at least 2 asthma exacerbation events within 12 months. * ACQ-6 score ≥1.5 at screening and on day of randomization Exclusion Criteria: * Pulmonary disease other than asthma. * History of cancer. * History of a clinically significant infection. * Current smokers or subjects with smoking history ≥10 pack-years and subjects using vaping products, including electronic cigarettes. * History of chronic alcohol or drug abuse within 12 months. * Hepatitis B, C or HIV. * Pregnant or breastfeeding. * History of anaphylaxis following any biologic therapy. * Subject randomized in the current study or previous tezepelumab studies.
Late-onset Congenital Central Hypoventilation Syndrome and the Mutation of Phox2B Gene Late-onset, Insidious Course and Invasive Treatment of Congenital Central Hypoventilation Syndrome in a Case With the Phox2B Mutation Congenital central hypoventilation syndrome (CCHS) is a rare disorder of respiratory control characterized by ventilatory impairment that results in arterial hypoxemia. Although patients typically present this disease as newborns and rarely in later infancy, there have been reports of patients presenting with CCHS in adulthood. The present study reports a unique familial case in which the father (proband) presented late-onset CCHS with an expansion mutation of the Phox2B gene that was confirmed by genetic analysis. Surprisingly, the proband did not report any manifestation of the disease during childhood, and the disease progressed following an insidious course until adulthood. At the time of diagnosis, he did not present signs of pulmonary hypertension and right-side heart failure. The patient responded well to nocturnal invasive ventilation. In contrast, his son presented CCHS as a newborn with the full complement of symptoms while his daughter did not. The present report shows that CCHS cases characterized by a mutated Phox2 gene can progress without many symptoms and that the treatment approach used here was efficient for controlling the course of the disease. Furthermore, this case indicates that incomplete penetrance can occur. Genetic screening of family members is mandatory to evaluate the reproductive risk of the disease, especially because asymptomatic mutation carriers may be at high risk to develop the disease and transmit it to the next generation. Congenital central hypoventilation syndrome (CCHS) is a rare disorder of respiratory control characterized by ventilatory impairment that results in arterial hypoxemia. This condition worse during sleep and occurs in patients with normal mechanical properties of the lung. It is diagnosed in the absence of primary neuromuscular disease, identifiable brainstem lesions, and other sleep disturbances or substance use. Amiel et al. (2003) identified a mutation in the Phox2B gene associated with CCHS, characterized by 5 to 9 alanine expansions within a 20-residue polyalanine region in exon 3 of the Phox2B gene. Several reports confirmed the findings of Amiel et al., supporting the view that this gene is a master switch for the development of the autonomic nervous system network linked to respiratory control. Transgenic animals carrying the human Phox2B mutation develop a similar phenotype and lack glutamatergic neurons located in the parafacial region in the brainstem, which are involved in breathing control. Although patients typically present with CCHS as newborns and rarely in later infancy, there have been reports of patients presenting with CCHS in adulthood. In cases of late-onset CCHS, most patients report having had some symptoms since childhood, and they have parents with a history of CCHS. Symptoms of right-side heart failure are generally observed at the time of diagnosis, and nocturnal noninvasive ventilation is frequently indicated. The present study reports a unique familial case of CCHS in which the father (proband) presented late-onset CCHS linked to a Phox2B gene expansion mutation. The presentation, course of development and treatment response for this patient was unique His son presented CCHS as a newborn, while his daughter did not. Inclusion Criteria:Family member Exclusion Criteria:NA
Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect Following Single Oral Dose of Darigabat Tablet Formulations in Healthy Participants A Randomized, 3-Period Crossover Trial to Evaluate the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect Following Single Oral Dose of Darigabat Tablet Formulations in Healthy Adult Participants This is a Phase 1, single-center trial in healthy participants. This is a crossover design, open-label treatment trial with 3 periods, 6 sequences. The trial is an open-label, randomized, 3-period, 6-sequence, crossover design to investigate the relative bioavailability and effect of food on Darigabat. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Women of nonchildbearing potential and men, ages 18 to 55 years, inclusive. 2. Healthy as determined by medical evaluation by the investigator. 3. Body mass index of 18.5 to 30.0 kg/m2, inclusive, and a total body weight \>50 kg (110 lbs). 4. A male participant with a pregnant or a nonpregnant partner of childbearing potential must agree to use contraception. 5. Capable of giving signed informed consent and complying with study requirements. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Current or past history of significant cardiovascular, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, renal, hepatic, metabolic, genitourinary, endocrine (including diabetes mellitus), malignancy (except for basal cell carcinoma of the skin and cervical carcinoma in situ, at the discretion of the investigator), hematological, immunological, neurological, or psychiatric disease. 2. Serious risk of suicide in the opinion of the investigator. 3. History of substance or alcohol-use disorder (excluding nicotine or caffeine) within 12 months prior to signing the ICF. 4. Any condition that could possibly affect drug absorption. 5. Receipt of SARS-CoV2 vaccine or booster as follows: * mRNA: within 14 days prior to dosing * Non-mRNA: within 28 days prior to dosing 6. Have recently been diagnosed with symptomatic COVID-19 or test positive for COVID-19 within 30 days prior to signing the ICF. 7. Taking any prohibited medication prior to randomization or likely to require prohibited concomitant therapy. 8. History of HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C infection, or positive result for HIV, hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B core antibody, or hepatitis C antibody. 9. Positive drug screen (including nicotine and cannabinoids) or a positive test for alcohol. 10. Abnormal clinical laboratory test results or vital measurements at Screening. 11. Any other abnormal safety findings unless, based on the investigator's judgment, the findings are not medically significant and would not impact the safety of the participant or the interpretation of the trial results.
Goal2Quit + NRT Sampling Development and Testing of a Depression-Specific Behavioral Activation Mobile App Paired With Nicotine Replacement Therapy Sampling for Smoking Cessation Treatment Via Primary Care The goal of this work is to develop, systematically evaluate, and clinically test an integrated cessation intervention comprised of a depression-specific Behavioral Activation (BA) for cessation mobile app ("Goal2Quit") packaged with nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) sampling. This integrated intervention will address the need for an easily disseminable, evidence-based, depression-specific cessation intervention for delivery via primary care. Inclusion Criteria: * Current elevated depressive symptoms defined as a score of \> 10 (at least mild depression) on the Patient Health Questionnaire-8 (PHQ-8) * Current smoking, defined as smoking 10+ cigarettes/day, for 25+ days out of the last 30, for the last 6+ months * Ownership of an Android or iOS smartphone * Age 18+ * Possess a valid e-mail address that is checked daily to access follow-up assessments * English fluency Exclusion Criteria: - Contraindications for NRT (pregnancy/intention to become pregnant/breastfeeding, recent cardiovascular trauma/uncontrolled hypertension) - Severe visual impairment, which may limit ability to utilize an app
Combined Intracerebral and Jugular Bulb Microdialysis Continuous Monitoring of Cerebral Metabolic State. Combined Intracerebral and Jugular Bulb Microdialysis in Neurocritical Care. The first aim of this study is to investigate the frequency and severity of a specific pathological metabolic pattern, mitochondrial dysfunction, of the brain in comatose patients under neurocritical care. This pattern is recognized as a complication after compromised blood flow to the brain and may be amenable to treatment. The other main aim of this study is to correlate patterns of metabolites between brain and jugular venous blood. It is probable but not proven that jugular venous microdialysis can mirror the global metabolic state of the brain. Purpose To describe the incidence of cerebral mitochondrial dysfunction in comatose patients admitted to the Neurointensive Care Unit (NICU) at Odense University Hospital and to evaluate the possible correlations between cerebral and jugular bulb microdialysis in an effort to develop new, effective and less invasive diagnostical tools for relevant patient groups. Background The hallmark of several serious neurological and neurosurgical disorders including severe traumatic brain injury, intracranial haemorrhage, cerebral infection and global hypoxic injury after cardiac arrest, is that the primary insult is out of reach for therapeutic intervention. Secondary injuries however, ensuing in the days to weeks after the primary insult are amenable to prevention or treatment. Inflammation, transient ischemia, free radical formation, cellular Ca2+-influx and mitochondrial dysfunction are therefore all examples of current research topics in neurointensive care. The research group has a long history of experimental and clinical work in the area of cerebral metabolism in neurocritical disease. In recent years neuromonitoring with cerebral microdialysis has been a main focus, as well as mitochondrial dysfunction as a possible therapeutic target . In 2004 the investigators showed how monitoring SAH-patients with cerebral microdialysis could predict delayed neurological deterioration/vasospasm related complications, results that were corroborated by later external studies. In 2012 and 2014, results have been published showing how to diagnose mitochondrial dysfunction on the basis of the biochemical patterns of cerebral microdialysis experimentally as well as clinically. Briefly, a cerebrochemical pattern with elevated lactate/pyruvate-ratio with simultaneous normal or supranormal levels of pyruvate and glucose seen together with normal tissue oxygen monitoring indicates mitochondrial dysfunction. Mitochondrial dysfunction most likely plays a key role in the worsening of outcome in a variety cerebral pathological conditions, and might be amenable to pharmacologic intervention. The microdialysis technique is based on a thin probe with a semipermeable membrane being inserted in affected brain tissue, collecting interstitial fluid from a small area surrounding the probe. The fluid is analysed for metabolites, proteins or pharmacological substances and has earlier been shown to be of great value in guiding NICU care and prognostication. One problem with the technique is, however, that the measurements are regional and limited to the very small sampling volume of the probe. Another obstacle is that the technique is intracranial invasive. Aims In the current prospective cohort study, the investigators will describe the incidence of mitochondrial dysfunction in a patients admitted to the NICU with severe subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH). As patients suffering from SAH often have a non-ischemic cerebral metabolic affliction, a global cerebral measurement would presumably be as useful or more so than a focal measurement from only a very small regional brain volume. The investigators wish to evaluate a new method of monitoring, namely microdialysis of cerebral venous blood drainage. The cerebral venous drainage passes almost without exception through the jugular bulbs, left or right sided majority depending on dominance. The investigators will compare results of regional cerebral and venous measurements in order to confirm the hypothesis that metabolic disturbances of the brain are mirrored in the venous blood drainage in the jugular bulb. A pilot study of patients undergoing open heart surgery has confirmed significant differences in lactate and pyruvate in arterial systemic vs jugular venous blood. Yet unpublished data from this groups porcine experimental model supports the possibility of global metabolic venous monitoring. Perspectives If jugular bulb microdialysis can be confirmed to give a reliable global estimate of cerebral metabolic state it might be possible to a implement a new, less invasive diagnostic tool for NICU-patients. Surrogate measures in use today as e.g. NIRS (Near Infrared Spectroscopy) correlate poorly to cerebral metabolic status. Inclusion Criteria: * Glasgow coma score \<8. * Suspicion of intracranial pathology Exclusion Criteria: * Suspected and/or Untreated coagulopathy * Consent from closest of kin not given
BRS and Outcomes in Cardiothoracic Surgery Role of Preoperative Baroreflex Sensitivity on Major Outcomes After Cardiothoracic Surgery The purpose of this study is to determine whether baroreceptor sensitivity (the ability of your body to change your heart rate and/or blood pressure in response to a situation) has any effect on how likely you are to suffer certain events after heart or lung surgery. The postoperative events that the investigators will be studying are pain after surgery, atrial fibrillation (an irregular heart rhythm), and cognitive dysfunction (a decline in mental abilities). The purpose of this study is to determine if preoperative baroreceptor sensitivity (BRS) correlates with major outcomes after cardiac and thoracic surgery, including acute and chronic pain, atrial arrhythmias, and cognitive function. To test this hypothesis, approximately 95 patients will be enrolled, and spontaneous baroreceptor sensitivity will be measured prior to surgery as well as immediately postoperatively. Outcomes will include acute pain using the numeric rating scale, Brief Pain Inventory, and Gracely Box Scale administered preoperatively, on postoperative days 1 and 2 and by phone at 6-weeks postoperatively. Chronic pain will be assessed at 6-month follow-up visit via hyperalgesia testing using Von Frey filaments. Postoperative atrial arrhythmias will be assessed by review of postoperative telemetry, the electronic medical record, and ECG performed prior to discharge. Finally, cognitive function will be assess via Mini-Mental State examination administered preoperative and at the 6-month follow-up visit. Association between BRS and the outcomes of interest will be tested with regression models adjusted for appropriate covariates. Significance threshold alpha will be adjusted for the number of statistical tests using the Bonferroni correction. Our hypothesis is that patients with impaired preoperative BRS will have an increased incidence of acute and chronic postoperative pain, atrial fibrillation, and cognitive decline after surgery. Inclusion Criteria: * \>= 18 years of age * Undergoing cardiac (coronary artery bypass grafting \[CABG\], CABG + valve, or valve only) or thoracic (video-assisted thoracoscopic \[VATS\] approach to lobectomy) surgery Exclusion Criteria: * Any preexisting pain condition (defined as pain of \>=3 months duration prior to enrollment) * Pain at the time of enrollment interview * Need for preoperative analgesics * Preexisting chronic or paroxysmal atrial fibrillation * Preexisting atrial or ventricular arrhythmia * Need for preoperative anti-arrhythmic medication * History of symptomatic cerebrovascular disease (e.g., prior stroke) with residual deficits * Alcoholism (\>2 drinks/day) * Psychiatric illness (any clinical diagnosis requiring therapy) * Drug abuse (any illicit drug use in the preceding 3 months before surgery) * Hepatic insufficiency (liver function tests \> 1.5 times the upper limit of normal) * Severe pulmonary insufficiency (home oxygen) * Renal failure (serum creatinine \>2.0 mg/dL) * Non-English speaking * Unable to read * Participants who score \<24 on baseline Mini Mental State examination
Portico TAVI Implant With Transfemoral Delivery System Assessment Of The St. Jude Medical Portico™ Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implant (TAVI) And The SJM TAVI Transfemoral Delivery System (Portico TF EU) The purpose of this study is to assess the safety and effectiveness of the SJM Portico Transcatheter Heart Valve and the SJM TAVI Transfemoral Transcatheter delivery system in subjects with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis (AS). Data will be collected at baseline, procedure, discharge, 30 days post implant, 3 months post implant, 6 months post implant, and 12 months post implant. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Subject has given written study Informed Consent for participation prior to procedure. 2. Subject is ≥ 18 years of age or legal age in host country. 3. Subject's aortic annulus diameter meets the range indicated in the Instructions for use as measured by echocardiogram (echo) or CT conducted within the past 90 days. 4. Subject has senile degenerative aortic stenosis with echocardiography (echo) derived mean gradient \>40mmHg or jet velocity greater than 4.0 m/s or an initial valve area of \<1.0 cm2 (or aortic valve area index ≤ 0.6 cm2/m2). (Baseline measurement taken by echo within 30 days of procedure). 5. Subject has symptomatic aortic stenosis as demonstrated by NYHA Functional Classification of II or greater. 6. Subject is deemed high operable risk and suitable for TAVI per the medical opinion of the Subject Selection Committee (See Section 3.1 for the definition of the Subject Selection Committee) 7. Subject's predicted operative mortality or serious, irreversible morbidity risk is \<50% at 30 days. 8. In the opinion of the Subject Selection Committee and based upon angiographic measurements, the subject has suitable peripheral vessels and aorta to allow for access of the 18 French delivery system. 9. Subject has structurally normal cardiac anatomy. 10. Subject is willing and able to comply with all required follow-up evaluations. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subject has a history of a cerebral vascular accident (CVA) or transient ischemic attack (TIA) within the past 6 months (≤180 days) of the index procedure. 2. Subject has carotid artery disease requiring intervention. 3. Subject has evidence of a myocardial infarction (MI) within the past 6 months (≤180 days) of the index procedure. 4. Subject has hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. 5. Subject has a native aortic valve that is congenitally unicuspid, bicuspid, quadricuspid or non-calcified as seen by echocardiography. 6. Subject has mitral or tricuspid valvular regurgitation (\>grade III) or moderate to severe mitral stenosis. 7. Subject has aortic root angulation \>70 degrees (horizontal aorta). 8. Subject has a pre-existing prosthetic valve or prosthetic ring in any position. 9. Subject refuses blood transfusion or surgical valve replacement. 10. Subject has left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) \< 20%. 11. The subject has documented, untreated coronary artery disease (CAD) requiring revascularization. 12. Subject has severe basal septal hypertrophy. 13. Subject has had a percutaneous interventional or other invasive cardiac or peripheral procedure ≤ 14 days of the index procedure. 14. Subject has a history of or has active endocarditis. 15. Subject has echocardiographic evidence of intracardiac mass, thrombus, or vegetation. 16. Subject has hemodynamic instability (requiring inotropic support or mechanical heart assistance). 17. Subject is in acute pulmonary edema or requiring intravenous diuretic therapy to stabilize heart failure. 18. Subject with significant pulmonary disease. 19. Subject has significant chronic steroid use. 20. Subject has a known hypersensitivity or contraindication to anticoagulant or antiplatelet medication. 21. Subject has renal insufficiency as evidenced by a serum creatinine \> 3.0 mg/dL (265µmol/L) or end-stage renal disease requiring chronic dialysis. 22. Subject has morbid obesity defined as BMI ≥ 40. 23. Subject's iliac arteries have severe calcification, tortuosity (\>two 90 degree bends), diameter \<6mm, or subject has had an aorto-femoral bypass. 24. Subject has ongoing infection or sepsis. 25. Subject has blood dyscrasias (leukopenia, acute anemia, thrombocytopenia, history of bleeding diathesis, or coagulopathy). 26. Subject has a current autoimmune disease that, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator precludes the subject from study participation. 27. Subject has significant aortic disease, including: * aortic abdominal aneurysm (AAA) ≥ 4cm * thoracic aneurysm (defined as a maximal luminal diameter of 5 cm or greater) * marked tortuosity * significant aortic arch atheroma or narrowing of the abdominal or thoracic aorta * severe tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. 28. Subject has a pre-existing endovascular stent graft in the supra- or infrarenal aorta or pre-existing stent grafts in the ileo-femoral arteries. 29. Subject has an active peptic ulcer or has had gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding within the past 90 days prior to the index procedure. 30. Subject is currently participating in another investigational drug or device study. 31. Subject requires emergency surgery for any reason. 32. Subject has a life expectancy \< 12 months. 33. Subject has other medical, social or psychological conditions that, in the opinion of the Subject Selection Committee, preclude the subject from study participation. 34. Subject is suffering from dementia or admitted to a chronic care facility which would fundamentally complicate rehabilitation from the procedure or compliance with follow-up visits. 35. Subject has a known allergy to contrast media, nitinol alloys, porcine tissue, or bovine tissue.
Deep Brain Stimulation with LIFUP for Mild Cognitive Impairment and Mild Alzheimer's Disease Study of Non-Invasive Deep Brain Stimulation with Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound Pulse (LIFUP) for Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) and Mild Alzheimer's Disease (AD) The purpose of the proposed study is to determine the feasibility of brief brain stimulation, using a device called Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound Pulsation (LIFUP), for persons with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) or mild (early-stage) Alzheimer's disease (AD). As a secondary aim, the investigators will explore whether this brief intervention is associated with improvements in cognitive functioning immediately and one week following the intervention. Subjects will be randomly assigned to one of two experimental groups: either the LIFUP administration will be designed to increase the activity of neurons in a certain part of the brain or decrease the activity of neurons. The investigators will study up to 8 subjects with MCI or mild AD. Initially, subjects will undergo a screening assessment with a study physician to determine medical and psychiatric history, establish AD diagnosis, and undergo a blood draw, if standard recent labs for dementia and EKG are unavailable. Subjects that meet criteria and agree to participate in the study will undergo a follow-up visit. In the baseline measurement visit, participants will first undergo neuropsychological testing. Participants will be randomly assigned to one of two LIFUP pulsing paradigms. Participants will then be administered four successive LIFUP treatments while the participants are in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Sixty minutes following the administration, participants will undergo a second neuropsychological test. A final follow-up assessment will be administered at one week. Alzheimer disease (AD) is a neurodegenerative condition and the most common cause of dementia or a functional impairment in memory and other cognitive abilities. Prior to developing the functional impairment of dementia, patients develop mild cognitive impairment (MCI), which increases the risk for developing the functional impairment of dementia. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is of interest as a potential therapeutic option for MCI and AD because it can directly target and modulate the activity of brain structures implicated in memory functioning. Recently there have been multiple reports that DBS of different locations within the brain may be effective in improving symptoms characteristic of dementia (e.g., Heschman et al., 2013). For example, Laxton et al. (2010) performed DBS in the fornix/hypothalamus of six persons with AD in a phase I clinical trial. The investigators hypothesized that stimulation of the fornix would alter the activity of the medial temporal memory circuits, and thus delay and/or reverse memory loss. After 6-12 months, the investigators noted improvement or slowing in the progression of AD in some of the research participants, as measured by two commonly-used assessments of global cognitive function. In a recent literature review, Laxton et al. (2013) also described several additional studies demonstrating that DBS of the fornix or nucleus of Meynert or subthalamic nucleus influences the pathologic neurological circuits involved in AD. Four separate groups recently have published reports concluding that ultrasound improves amyloid-β clearance in mouse models and restores memory (e.g., Leinenga \& Götz, 2015). This finding raises the question of whether one method of DBS, Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound Pulse (LIFUP), could improve cognition in patients with AD, which is characterized by abnormal deposition of amyloid plaques in brain regions controlling memory and thinking. The use of LIFUP in animal models is well described (Bystritsky et al., 2014). LIFUP is able to penetrate the human skull and reach deep structures within the temporal therapeutic window. The structures that are reachable by LIFUP include the temporal cortices, hippocampus, thalamus, and subthalamic nuclei, all of which are implicated in the pathophysiology of AD. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved an investigational device exemption (IDE) to begin a feasibility and safety trial of LIFUP for persons with refractory seizures. Although symptomatic treatments are available for AD, their modest effects are temporary and there is a need for more effective interventions. In the current project, the investigators propose to use the FDA-approved protocol to: 1. Determine the feasibility of a brief LIFUP intervention (four stimulations of 30 seconds each, with 2-minute intervals between each treatment) for persons with MCI or mild (early-stage) AD. 2. As a secondary aim, the investigators will explore whether this brief LIFUP intervention is associated with improvements on neuropsychological measures of cognitive functioning immediately following the intervention. To investigate these aims, subjects with MCI or mild AD will be enrolled. Subjects will be randomized using a single-blind design, to one of two LIFUP pulsing paradigms in which activity of neurons in a certain part of the brain are either increased. Subjects will then be administered four successive LIFUP treatments while the subjects are in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Neuropsychological assessments will be performed at baseline, immediately after LIFUP is administered, and one week following the conclusion of the visit. Inclusion Criteria: * Mild cognitive impairment or mild (early-stage) AD diagnosis through medical record review * Agreement to participate in a clinical and brain imaging study. * Age 55 years or older. * No significant cerebrovascular disease as determined by a modified Ischemic Score of ≤ 4. * Availability of a study partner (next of kin, family member) to attend all visits and to provide surrogate consent should it be determined that the participant does not have capacity. * Adequate visual and auditory acuity to allow neuropsychological testing. * Screening laboratory tests and ECG without significant abnormalities that might interfere with the study. * Use of cholinesterase inhibitors for AD (Aricept, Namenda, etc.) will be allowed as long as the participant has been on a stable dose for at least two months. * There must be a family member or caregiver available to make sure the participant gives informed consent, and in case the participant develops cognitive impairment that interferes with independent study participation. Exclusion Criteria: * Evidence of any other major neurologic or other physical illness that could produce cognitive deterioration, except for mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and any history of stroke or diabetes. * History of myocardial infarction within the previous year or unstable cardiac disease. * Uncontrolled hypertension (systolic BP \> 170 or diastolic BP \> 100), history of significant liver disease, clinically significant pulmonary disease, diabetes, or cancer. * Major psychiatric disorders, such as bipolar disorder or schizophrenia, or persons with current untreated major depression * Current diagnosis or significant history of alcoholism or drug dependence. * Participants taking medications known to influence cognitive functioning will be excluded. Medications that will be excluded include: centrally active beta-blockers, narcotics, clonidine, anti-Parkinsonian medications, benzodiazepines, systemic corticosteroids, and medications with significant anticholinergic effects, anti-convulsants, or warfarin. During the screening visit, physicians will review all medications and determine whether the type, dose, and interaction of medications are likely to impact cognition and determine exclusion based on these factors. * Use of any investigational drugs within the previous month or longer, depending on the drug's half-life. * Contraindication for fMRI scan (e.g. metal in body, claustrophobia).
Auriculotemporal Nerve Block in TMJ Disorders The Evaluation Of The Efficacy Of Auriculotemporal Nerve Block In Temporomandibular Disorders The retrospective study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of the Auriculotemporal Nerve Block (ATNB) in achieving unrestricted mouth opening amount and in reducing the pain scores in those patients diagnosed with disc displacement with (DDWR) and without reduction (DDWOR) according to the Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders, who could not benefit from noninvasive methods but did not want further invasion. The records of 410 patients referred to the Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery with TMD symptoms were reviewed to determine the treatment modalities used and their outcomes. The subjects were examined and diagnosed according to the Turkish translation version of The Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders (DC/TMD-Axis 1 questionnaire and examination form). The pain intensity, maximal mouth opening (MMO) amounts, and self-reported outcome variables of twenty-two patients who underwent non-invasive therapies (occlusal stabilization splints, behavioral modifications, physical therapy, pharmacotherapy) but did not benefit from them and volunteered for the ATNB instead of invasive therapies (arthrocentesis, arthroscopy, and discectomy) were also evaluated. Prior to the ATNB, written informed consent was obtained from each participant. Also, each participant was warned about complications of the ATNB before the administration, such as hematoma at the injection site, positive aspiration, and temporary anesthesia of the facial nerve. Inclusion Criteria: * Underwent non-invasive therapies (occlusal stabilization splints, behavioral modifications, physical therapy, pharmacotherapy) but did not benefit from them and volunteered for the ATNB instead of invasive therapies (arthrocentesis, arthroscopy, and discectomy). Exclusion Criteria: Patients with * Symptoms of the diseases possibly related to TMD (e.g., fibromyalgia, hypothyroidism, scleroderma, rheumatoid arthritis) * Orofacial disorders that might have been responsible for the TMD symptoms (e.g., neuralgia, migraine, myositis, trauma, neuropathic pain, infections) * Complications due to ATNB (e.g., temporary facial nerve palsy, hematoma, positive aspiration) * History of invasive therapies or TMJ surgeries
Let's Get Organized Feasibility Study Pilot Study of "Let's Get Organized" - a Group Intervention for Improving Time Management The aim of this study is to pilot test the Let's Get Organized (LGO) Occupational Therapy intervention in a Swedish context by exploring possible enhancements in time management skills, aspects of executive functioning, and satisfaction with daily occupations in persons with time-management difficulties due to neurodevelopmental and/or mental disorders. Method: A pre-post design with 3 and 12-months follow-up is used. The LGO intervention is a manual-based group intervention aiming to enhance time-management, targeted to persons with mental or neurodevelopmental disorders. The LGO is conducted as 10 weekly 1.5-hour group sessions. Two trained group leaders, lead each group of 6-8 participants. Goal-directed and other learning strategies are used to train effective time management habits such as maintaining a calendar and wearing a watch. All group sessions follow the same format, and each session has a set theme. Group sessions are structured with a slide presentation and a course manual, and information from the group leaders is intermixed with discussion among the participants and tasks to complete. The primary outcome of the study is self-reported time management measured by the Assessment of Time Management Skills (ATMS-S). Secondary outcomes are executive functioning measured with the Weekly Calendar Planning Activity (WCPA) and satisfaction with daily occupations, which is measured with the interview-administered questionnaire Satisfaction with Daily Occupations 13 items (SDO-13). Data will be collected before intervention start (pre intervention), after intervention completion (post intervention) and 3 and 12 months post intervention completion. The ATMS will be collected at all four time points. The WCPA and SDO-13 will be collected pre, post and 12 months post intervention. Inclusion Criteria: * confirmed or suspected diagnosis of a mental disorder, such as affective disorder or schizophrenia, or neurodevelopmental disorder, such as autism spectrum disorder or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder/attention deficit disorder * self-reported difficulties in time management in daily life to an extent that affects functioning in daily life negatively Exclusion Criteria: * intellectual disability
Acute Effects of Supplemental Oxygen on Memory Testing in Healthy Adult Volunteers Acute Effects of Supplemental Oxygen on Memory in Healthy Older Adults: a Double-Blind Within-Subject Crossover Study Forty healthy adults (i.e., not recruited with respect to any particular diagnosis) are each alternately provided with supplemental oxygen and air via nasal cannula at about 6 Liters per Minute (LPM), while completing memory tests. Prior studies have reported that supplemental oxygen can confer acute benefits to cognition. Here, the investigators seek to replicate/extend such findings by assessing whether such benefits can be seen using an Inogen oxygen concentrator with subjects with an average age around 65 years old. The investigators include a standard measure of cognition previously reported to be sensitive to supplemental oxygen (2-back test) and a novel, in-development adaptation of a memory test for medical-related content (Medical icons spatial test). Inclusion Criteria: Subjects are intended to represent "healthy adults." Patients will include a mix of self-reported gender and ethnic/racial identification. 1. Provision of signed and dated informed consent form 2. Stated willingness to comply with all study procedures and availability for the duration of the study 3. Adult (aged 22+) Exclusion Criteria: * Patients who self-report diagnosis of respiratory-related conditions will be excluded. * Subjects with a known polyvinyl chloride (PVC) allergy will be excluded, due to potential use of a standard, PVC-based cannula in the study.
Effect of Artificial Intelligence-Augmented Human Instruction on Surgical Simulation Performance Effect of Artificial Intelligence-Augmented Human Instruction on Surgical Simulation Performance: A Randomized Controlled Trial At the Neurosurgical Simulation and Artificial Intelligence Learning Centre, we seek to provide surgical trainees with innovative technologies that allow them to improve their surgical technical skills in risk-free environments, potentially improving patient operative outcomes. The Intelligent Continuous Expertise Monitoring System (ICEMS), a deep learning application that assesses and trains neurosurgical technical skill and provides continuous intraoperative feedback, is one such technology that may improve surgical education. In this randomized controlled trial, medical students from four Quebec universities will be blinded and randomized to one of three groups (one control and two experimental). Group 1 (control) will be provided with verbal AI tutor feedback based on the ICEMS error detection. Group 2 will be tutored by a human instructor who will receive ICEMS error data and deliver verbal instruction using the same words as the ICEMS. Group 3 will be tutored by a human instructor who will be provided with ICEMS data and will then deliver personalized feedback. The aim of this study is to determine how the method of delivery of verbal surgical error instruction influences trainee technical skill acquisition and transfer. Evaluating trainee responses to AI instructor verbal feedback as compared to feedback from human instructors will allow for further development, testing, and optimization of the ICEMS and other AI tutoring systems. Background: Expert surgical technical skill is linked with improved patient outcomes; however, training novices to master these skills remains challenging. The Intelligent Continuous Expertise Monitoring System (ICEMS) is a deep learning application that was developed at the Neurosurgical Simulation and Artificial Intelligence Learning Centre to improve neurosurgical education. The ICEMS assesses and trains bimanual surgical performance by providing continuous feedback via verbal instructions in order to improve trainee performance and mitigate errors. Rationale: A previous randomized controlled trial (RCT) performed at our centre demonstrated that intelligent tutoring is more effective than expert tutoring in a simulated neurosurgical procedure (NCT05168150). However, during this study, expert instructors were not provided with ICEMS error data. Conducting a new RCT in which expert instructors are provided with quantitative ICEMS error data will allow us to determine the most effective method for teaching surgical technical skills to trainees in virtual operative procedures. This report follows the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials-Artificial Intelligence (CONSORT-AI) as well as the Machine Learning to Assess Surgical Expertise (MLASE) checklist. Hypotheses: 1. AI-augmented personalized expert instruction will be more effective at improving technical skill acquisition and skill transfer in trainees compared to AI tutor instruction. 2. Instruction delivered by human instructors will result in lower levels of negative emotions and cognitive load compared with instruction delivered by the AI tutor. Primary Objectives: To determine how the method of delivery of surgical error instruction influences: 1. Trainee technical skill acquisition and overall surgical performance (composite expertise scores across all practice tasks calculated by the ICEMS). 2. Trainee skill transfer to a more complex realistic scenario (composite expertise scores during realistic task calculated by the ICEMS). Secondary Objective: To determine how the method of delivery of surgical error instruction influences trainee affective-cognitive responses, including emotions-self-reported via questionnaires administered before, during, and after learning using the Medical Emotions Scale (MES) on 7-point Likert scales-and cognitive load-self-reported via questionnaire administered after learning using the Cognitive Load Index (CLI) on 5-point Likert scales. Setting: McGill University's Neurosurgical Simulation and Artificial Intelligence Learning Centre. Participants: Students enrolled in their preparatory, first, or second year at one of four Quebec medical schools. Design: A three-arm randomized controlled trial. Intervention: Participants will undergo a training session of approximately 90 minutes on the NeuroVR (CAE Healthcare), a virtual reality (VR) surgical simulator that simulates a subpial brain tumor resection. In this study, participants will perform two different scenarios on the NeuroVR: a simple practice scenario and a complex realistic scenario. Participants will perform six repetitions of the practice scenario (5 minutes each) followed by the realistic scenario (13 minutes). The ICEMS will continuously assess performance throughout the trial. All participants will receive verbal feedback when the ICEMS detects an error in their performance; however, the method of delivery of this verbal feedback will differ between groups. * Group 1 (control) will receive real-time verbal feedback directly from the ICEMS when an error is detected. * Group 2 (experimental) will receive real-time verbal feedback from an expert instructor delivered in the same words as the ICEMS. * Group 3 (experimental) will receive real-time, personalized verbal feedback from an expert instructor delivered in their own words. Verbal feedback will be based on the following six metrics: 1. Tissue injury risk: When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, the healthy brain tissue has been damaged or is at risk of being damaged. 2. Bleeding risk: When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, there is bleeding that must be cauterized or a risk of bleeding. 3. Instrument tip separation distance: Refers to the distance between the tip of the ultrasonic aspirator and the tips of the bipolar forceps. When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, their instruments are too far apart. 4. High bipolar force: Refers to the amount of force applied to the tissue by the bipolar forceps. When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, they are applying too much force with the bipolar. 5. Low bipolar force: Refers to the amount of force applied to the tissue by the bipolar forceps. When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, they are not applying enough force with the bipolar. 6. High aspirator force: Refers to the amount of force applied to the tissue by the ultrasonic aspirator. When a trainee receives feedback on this metric, they are applying too much force with the aspirator. These metrics will continuously be evaluated by the ICEMS. The ICEMS will only provide feedback on one metric at a time according to a predetermined hierarchy (in the order listed above). For example, if the ICEMS detects on error on both bleeding risk (2) and high aspirator force (6) at the same time, the system will only provide feedback on bleeding risk since this metric is above high aspirator force in the hierarchy. One of neurosurgical residents who will instruct participants is completing an MSc at the Neurosurgical Simulation and Artificial Intelligence Learning Centre and the other two are conducting simulation research at our center. All three have had extensive experience performing subpial resection procedures using the NeuroVR simulator and our ex vivo calf brain model, as well as in the operating room. As such, these individuals are considered competent experts for the purpose of this simulation trial. Prior to the start of the trial, pilot studies were conducted. Each resident instructed three to five participants during these pilot studies. They were each evaluated by a senior consultant neurosurgeon with decades of clinical experience with subpial resections and subsequently identified as experts for their ability to instruct novice participants. Study Procedure: Prior to the simulation session, the study coordinator will stratify participants according to their year in medical school and block randomize them to one of three intervention arms with an allocation ratio of 1:1:1 using random number sequences generated by Random.org. Upon arrival, participants will read and sign an informed consent form. They will then fill out a pre-trial questionnaire recording demographic information and self-reported baseline emotions using the MES. Trial instructions introducing the NeuroVR simulator, the instruments, and the practice subpial resection scenario will be provided via a written document followed by a video. Each practice task will last 5 minutes, followed by a 5-minute rest period. No post-hoc feedback will be provided during the rest periods. Participants will perform their first practice task without feedback to establish a baseline. Participants will then perform their second through fifth practice tasks while receiving their assigned educational intervention. This metric-specific action-oriented feedback will be provided according to ICEMS error detection. The sixth repetition of the practice task will serve as a summative assessment wherein participants will receive no feedback. Following the completion of the practice tasks, participants will complete a peri-trial questionnaire to assess their emotions using the MES. They will be provided with another information document introducing the realistic subpial brain tumor resection task. Participants will complete the 13-minute realistic task to assess their skill transfer to a more complex scenario. Finally, they will fill out a post-trial questionnaire assessing their emotions using the MES and their cognitive load using the CLI. Significance: With surgical education approaches beginning to shift towards competency-based frameworks, the implementation of effective AI educational feedback into surgical training becomes crucial for optimizing surgical learning. The results of this RCT will allow for the evaluation and reengineering of the ICEMS and other AI tutoring systems, which may advance the development of not only standardized competency-based surgical education training curricula, but any AI tutor technology dependent on verbal instruction. Inclusion Criteria: * Medical students who are actively enrolled in their preparatory, first, second year of medical school at any Quebec institution who do not fit the exclusion criteria. Exclusion Criteria: * Prior use of the NeuroVR (CAE Healthcare) simulator.
Effect of Omega-3 Supplementation on Serum Level and Gene Expression of IGF-1and IGFBP-3 in Men With CVD. Effect of Omega-3 Supplementation on Serum Level and Gene Expression of IGF-1and IGFBP-3 in Men With Cardiovascular Disease. The aim of this study is the comparison between the effects of supplementation with omega 3 or placebo for 8 weeks in serum level of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 and gene expression of IGF-1 in patients with cardiovascular disease. Inclusion Criteria: * CVD patients 45- 65 years old, patients with ≥ 50% stenosis in at least one coronary angiogram demonstrated, body mass index in the range 18.5- 35, avoidance of dietary supplements, vitamins and herbal products at least 3 months before and throughout the intervention, willingness to participation, Exclusion Criteria: * people who have used omega 3 supplements in last 3 months, having chronic renal disease , GI disease, hepatobiliary diseases, hematological disorders, hypo- or hyperthyroidism, Smokers
European Sickle Cell Disease Cohort - Hydroxyurea ESCORT-HU : European Sickle Cell Disease Cohort - Hydroxyurea In the context of the Risk Management Plan (RMP), as requested from Addmedica by the EMEA, to collect information about long-term safety of Siklos® (hydroxycarbamide) when used in patients with Sickle Cell Disease. Inclusion Criteria: * Male or female ambulatory patients, aged 2 years and more (children, adolescents or adults) * With symptomatic sickle cell syndrome * Treated with Siklos® * Having been informed of the study by the initiating physician and consenting to participate to the cohort.
Intra-arrest Therapeutic Hypothermia in Prehospital Cardiac Arrest Intra-arrest Therapeutic Hypothermia in Prehospital Cardiac Arrest. Impact on Biomarker of Brain Damage. The aim is to precise the place of therapeutic hypothermia induced before Return of Spontaneous Circulation (ROSC) in pre hospital cardiac arrest. If we find a benefit in terms of biomarkers in inducing in early hypothermia compared to hypothermia induced only after arrival at the hospital, there will be arguments to develop a higher scale study, allowing to prove benefits in terms of survival and neurological status. Principal aim : prove the efficiency of early therapeutic hypothermia induced during ischemia in pre hospital cardiac arrest by a reduction of brain damage biomarkers. Secondary aim: prove the efficiency of early therapeutic induced hypothermia in the reduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines secretion. Determine the number of ROSC, patients survival, neurological status 48 hours after cardiac arrest (GCS) and when leaving the hospital, impact following initial cardiac rhythm and the cooling rate of early therapeutic induced hypothermia. Inclusion Criteria: * pre hospital cardiac arrest Exclusion Criteria: * under 18 years old * pregnancy or breastfeeding women * patient under guardianship. * not beneficing a social health care system. * cardiac arrest of traumatic origin * patients with an initial body temperature under 34° C * cardiac arrests for which resuscitation maneuvers seem unjustified (DNR criteria)
A Study of Meropenem-Vaborbactam Versus Piperacillin/Tazobactam in Participants With Hospital-Acquired and Ventilator-Associated Bacterial Pneumonia A Phase IIIb, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Comparative Study to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Meropenem-Vaborbactam Versus Piperacillin/Tazobactam in the Treatment of Hospital-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia and Ventilator-Associated Bacterial Pneumonia in Hospitalized Adults (TANGO III) The purpose of this study is to determine the efficacy, safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics (PK) of meropenem-vaborbactam compared to piperacillin/tazobactam for 7 to 14 days in the treatment of hospitalized adults who meet clinical, radiographic, and microbiological criteria for hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia (HABP) or ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (VABP). Inclusion Criteria: 1. Willingness to comply with all study procedures and provide a signed written informed consent prior to any study-specific procedures; however, if unable to do so, the participant's legally authorized representative may provide written consent as approved by institutional-specific guidelines. Participants who are unconscious or considered by the investigator to be clinically unable to consent at Screening and who are entered into the study by the consent of a legally authorized representative, should provide their own written informed consent for continuing to participate in the study as soon as possible on recovery, as applicable in accordance with local regulations. 2. Hospitalized male or female participants, ≥18 years of age. 3. Females must be surgically sterile or at least 2 years postmenopausal, or if of childbearing potential, have a negative screening urine pregnancy test and be willing to practice sexual abstinence or use an accepted form of contraception with her partner (for example, barrier or hormonal methods) during treatment and for at least 28 days after the last dose of study drug. 4. Expectation, in the opinion of the Investigator, that the participant's infection will require treatment with IV antibiotics for a minimum of 7 days. 5. Have a confirmed diagnosis of HABP or VABP requiring antibiotic therapy by meeting all clinical, microbiological, and radiographic criteria as defined in the following: For HABP participants: To meet the study definition of HABP, participants must meet all of the following clinical, microbiological, and radiographic criteria: 1. A chest radiograph (chest X-ray \[CXR\], magnetic resonance imaging \[MRI\] or computed tomography \[CT\]) reveals the presence of new or progressive pulmonary infiltrate(s) consistent with bacterial pneumonia within 48 hours prior to randomization. 2. Onset of symptoms at least 48 hours after hospitalization or within 7 days after discharge from an inpatient acute or chronic care facility (for example, long-term care, rehabilitation center, hospital, or skilled nursing home). 3. Have at least one of the following: 1. Temperature ≥38.0 degrees Celsius (100.4 degrees Fahrenheit) or ≤35 degrees Celsius (95.0 degrees Fahrenheit). 2. Peripheral white blood cell (WBC) count ≥10,000 cells/cubic millimeter (mm\^3) or ≤4,500 cells/mm\^3. 3. ≥15 percent immature neutrophils (band forms) regardless of total WBC count. 4. Have at least one of the following: 1. New onset of cough or expectorated sputum production (or worsening of baseline cough). 2. Auscultatory findings on pulmonary examination consistent with bacterial pneumonia or pulmonary consolidation (for example, rales, dullness on percussion, bronchial breath sounds, or ego phony). 3. Dyspnea or tachypnea (that is, respiratory rate greater than 25 breaths/minute). 4. Hypoxemia (O2 saturation ≤90 percent or pO2 ≤60 millimeters of mercury \[mmHg\] while breathing room air, or worsening of the O2 saturation/FiO2). 5. New onset need for mechanical ventilation. 6. A deep respiratory secretion specimen that was collected within 48 hours prior to randomization and after development of clinical signs and symptoms of HABP (ideally prior to administration of systemic antimicrobial therapy). This can be obtained via a sputum sample (expectorated sputum), bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) (including protected BAL or mini-BAL), protected specimen brush (PSB), endotracheal tube aspirate (ETA), pleural fluid, or lung parenchyma (open-lung, transthoracic, or transbronchial biopsy). 7. This deep respiratory secretion sample must meet adequacy criteria for testing, and be sent to the local or regional laboratory for Gram stain and culture (results of Gram stain and culture do not have to be available for enrollment). For VABP participants: To meet the study definition of VABP, participants must meet all of the following clinical, microbiological, and radiographic criteria: 1. A chest radiograph (CXR, MRI or CT) revealing the presence of new or progressive pulmonary infiltrate(s) consistent with bacterial pneumonia within 48 hours prior to randomization. 2. Receiving mechanical ventilation via endotracheal intubation or tracheostomy for greater than or equal to 48 hours. 3. Have at least one of the following: 1. Temperature ≥38.0 degrees Celsius (100.4 degrees Fahrenheit) or ≤35 degrees Celsius (95.0 degrees Fahrenheit). 2. Peripheral white blood cell (WBC) count ≥10,000 cells/mm\^3 or ≤4,500 cells/mm\^3. 3. ≥15 percent immature neutrophils (band forms) regardless of total WBC count. 4. Have at least one of the following: 1. New onset of purulent respiratory secretions from the lungs or new onset of or increased need for respiratory secretion suctioning. 2. Auscultatory findings on pulmonary examination consistent with bacterial pneumonia or pulmonary consolidation (for example, rales, dullness on percussion, bronchial breath sounds, or egophony). 3. Worsening gas exchange (ratio of partial pressure of arterial oxygen to fraction of inspired oxygen \[PaO2/FiO2\] ≤240 or PaO2 ≤60 mmHg) leading to acute changes to the ventilator support system (minimum daily FiO2 values increased by at least 0.20 over the daily minimum FiO2 in the preceding 48 hours, or minimum daily positive end- expiratory pressure (PEEP) values increased by at least 3 centimeters (cm) H2O over the daily minimum PEEP in the preceding 48 hours). 5. A deep respiratory secretion specimen must be collected within 48 hours prior to randomization and after development of clinical signs and symptoms of VABP (ideally prior to administration of systemic antimicrobial therapy). This can be obtained via BAL (including protected BAL or mini-BAL), PSB, or ETA, pleural fluid, or lung parenchyma (open-lung, transthoracic, or transbronchial biopsy). 6. The above deep respiratory secretion sample must meet adequacy criteria for testing and be sent to the local or regional laboratory for Gram stain and culture (results of Gram stain and culture do not have to be available for enrollment). Exclusion Criteria: Participants who meet any of the following exclusion criteria will not be enrolled in the study: 1. History of any severe hypersensitivity to any beta-lactam antibiotic (for example, cephalosporins, penicillins, or carbapenems). 2. History of any severe allergic reaction that would preclude the use of either all aminoglycosides or adjunctive gram-positive antimicrobials (that is, allergy to both glycopeptides and oxazolidinones). 3. Requirement or anticipated need for additional systemic antibiotic (other than study drug) or antifungal, including prophylactic antimicrobials and antifungals. 4. Requirement or anticipated need for more than 14 days of systemic antimicrobial therapy to treat HABP or VABP. 5. Known deep-tissue infection (including undrained abscess, meningitis, endocarditis, or osteomyelitis) within 7 days prior to randomization. 6. Participant has received more than 24 hours of any potentially effective systemic antibacterial therapy for the current episode of HABP or VABP within 72 hours before randomization. Exceptions: 1. Evidence of clinical failure of the current episode of HABP or VABP (for example, worsening signs and symptoms) following at least 48 hours of prior systemic antimicrobial therapy (participants with evidence of clinical failure of piperacillin/tazobactam are not eligible for inclusion), or 2. The clinical symptoms and signs of the current episode of HABP or VABP started at least 48 hours after the prior antibacterial therapy was initiated. 7. Pulmonary disease that precludes evaluation of a therapeutic response (including, but not limited to, lung cancer, active tuberculosis, cystic fibrosis, granulomatous disease, fungal pulmonary infection, pulmonary embolism, lung abscess, pleural empyema, or post obstructive pneumonia). 8. Known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positivity and meets an acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS)-defining illness or has a documented CD4 count \<200/ microliter (μL) within the past year. 9. Treatment within 30 days prior to enrollment with bone-marrow suppressive chemotherapy (non-bone marrow suppressive chemotherapy is permitted), high dose steroids, immunosuppressive medications for transplantation, or medications for rejection of transplantation. 10. Fulminant hepatitis; current cirrhosis or clinical manifestations of end-stage liver disease (for example, ascites or hepatic encephalopathy); acute hepatic failure or acute decompensation of chronic hepatic failure; or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) level greater than 5-fold the upper limit of normal or total bilirubin greater than 3-fold the upper limit of normal using local or regional laboratory reference values. 11. Requirement for peritoneal dialysis or continuous renal replacement therapy (including continuous venovenous hemofiltration \[CVVH\], continuous venovenous hemodialysis \[CVVHD\], and continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration \[CVVHDF\]) (Note, standard intermittent hemodialysis is not exclusionary). 12. Females who are pregnant or breastfeeding. 13. Participation in any study involving administration of an investigational agent or device within 30 days prior to randomization into this study or previous participation in the current study or any study of vaborbactam or meropenem vaborbactam. 14. Any condition that would make the participant, in the opinion of the Investigator, unsuitable for the study (for example, would place a participant at risk or compromise the quality of the data), including participants with a high likelihood of death within 72 hours after randomization despite adequate antimicrobial therapy for HABP or VABP or participants with a "do not resuscitate" order. 15. An employee of the Investigator or study center with direct involvement in the proposed study or other studies under the direction of that Investigator or study center, or a family member of the employee or the Investigator.
Safety and Efficacy of Andecaliximab (GS-5745) in Adults With Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis A Combined Phase 2/3, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Induction and Maintenance Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of GS-5745 in Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis The primary objectives of this study are as follows: 1) To evaluate the efficacy of andecaliximab to induce endoscopy, rectal bleeding, and stool frequency (EBS) clinical remission at Week 8 (Cohort 1); 2) To evaluate the efficacy of andecaliximab to maintain EBS clinical remission at Week 52 (Cohort 2); and 3) To evaluate the safety and tolerability of andecaliximab. The study will consist of 3 parts: Induction Phase (Cohort 1), Maintenance Phase (Cohort 2), and an optional Extended Treatment Phase. Key Inclusion Criteria: * Ulcerative Colitis (UC) confirmed on endoscopy * Moderately to severely active UC (Mayo Score 6-12) * May be receiving oral 5-aminosalicylate (ASA), oral corticosteroid, azathioprine, 6-mercaptopurine (MP), or methotrexate * Treatment failure with at least one of the following agents received: corticosteroids, immunomodulators, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFα) antagonists, vedolizumab Key Exclusion Criteria: * Diagnose of Crohn's disease or indeterminate colitis * Pregnant or lactating females * Any chronic medical condition (including, but not limited to cardiac or pulmonary disease, alcohol or drug abuse) * Exhibit severe UC / clinically significant active infection * History of malignancy in the last 5 years Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
Feasibility Study of a Portable Artificial Pancreas System in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) - Montpellier Pilot Study 1 of Outpatient Control-to-Range - System and Monitoring Testing A single arm, single treatment study is proposed to assess the feasibility of a portable artificial pancreas system outside of a hospital based clinical research center. Adult T1DM patients will use a newly developed platform in conjunction with a subcutaneous insulin infusion pump and a continuous glucose monitor for 18 hours is quasi free conditions (hotel). Automated closed-loop control (CLC), known as "artificial pancreas" (AP) can have tremendous impact on the health and lives of people with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Our inter-institutional and international research team has been on the forefront of CLC developments since the beginning of the JDRF Artificial Pancreas initiative in 2006. Thus far, we have conducted three closed-loop control clinical trials (totaling 60 subjects with T1D), which demonstrated significantly more time in an acceptable "target" blood glucose range during CLC, and significantly fewer hypoglycemic events during CLC compared to open loop. Our overall objective is to sequentially test, validate, obtain regulatory approval for, and deploy at home, a closed-loop Control-to-Range (CTR) system comprised of two algorithmic components: a Safety Supervision Module (SSM) and an automated Range Correction Module (RCM). The SSM will monitor the safety of the subject's continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion pump (CSII) to prevent hypoglycemia, and will also monitor the integrity of continuous glucose monitor (CGM) data for signal sensor deviations or loss of sensitivity. The RCM will be responsible for the optimal regulation of postprandial hyperglycemic excursions through correction boluses. The first phase to address our overall objective is a pilot study that will test the ability of a cell-phone-based system to (1) run CTR in an outpatient setting, and (2) be remotely monitored. Specifically, this pilot study entails a hybrid hotel/hospital design targeting adults with T1D that are experienced insulin pump users. Subjects will spend one night in a local hotel, during which the phone-based system will be remotely monitored in an adjacent hotel room for validation that remote system monitoring can successfully occur. Subjects will spend the following day in the hospital, where CTR will be activated, and challenged with meals and a CGM sensor replacement . Subjects will then spend a second night in the hotel for continued evaluation of remote system monitoring, along with outpatient testing of the CTR system run on the phone-based system. This series of admissions will address the first major hurdles that need to be overcome for home deployment of a closed loop CTR system: Specific Aim 1: The phone-based CTR system can be remotely monitored by nurses/physicians/technicians to confirm appropriate functioning outside of the hospital setting. Specific Aim 2: The CTR can be deployed outside of the hospital setting. Inclusion Criteria: * Patient must be aged between 21 (inclusive) and 65 years old. The age of 21 has been chosen because this trial is supported by a US Foundation. * Patient must have been clinically diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes mellitus. For an individual to be enrolled at least one criterion from each list must be met: * Criteria for documented hyperglycemia (at least 1 must be met): * Fasting glucose ≥126 mg/dL - confirmed * Two-hour OGTT glucose ≥200 mg/dL - confirmed * HbA1c ≥6.5% documented - confirmed * Random glucose ≥200 mg/dL with symptoms * No data at diagnosis is available but the participant has a convincing history of hyperglycemia consistent with diabetes * Criteria for requiring insulin at diagnosis (1 must be met): * Participant required insulin at diagnosis and continually thereafter * Participant did not start insulin at diagnosis but upon investigator review likely needed insulin (significant hyperglycemia that did not respond to oral agents) and did require insulin eventually and used continually * Participant did not start insulin at diagnosis but continued to be hyperglycemic, had positive islet cell antibodies - consistent with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) and did require insulin eventually and used continually * Use of an insulin pump to treat his/her diabetes for at least 1 year * Actively using a carbohydrate \[CHO\] / insulin ratio for insulin bolus adjustments in order to keep blood glucose in a predefined range * Patient HbA1c is between 6.0% and 9% as measured with DCA2000 or equivalent device * Patient must demonstrate proper mental status and cognition for the study * Patient must be willing to avoid consumption of acetaminophen-containing products during the study interventions involving DexCom use * Patient must be affiliated or beneficiary of a social medical insurance * Patient has signed informed consent form prior to study entry Exclusion Criteria: * Diabetic ketoacidosis within the 6 months prior to enrollment * Severe hypoglycemia resulting in seizure or loss of consciousness in the 12 months prior to enrollment * Pregnancy, breast feeding, or intention of becoming pregnant * Uncontrolled arterial hypertension (diastolic blood pressure \>90 mmHg and/or systolic blood pressure \>160 mmHg) * Conditions which may increase the risk of hypoglycemia such as uncontrolled coronary artery disease during the previous year (e.g. history of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, therapeutic coronary intervention, coronary bypass or stenting procedure, stable or unstable angina, episode of chest pain of cardiac etiology with documented EKG changes, or positive stress test or catheterization with coronary blockages \>50%), congestive heart failure, history of cerebrovascular event, seizure disorder, syncope, adrenal insufficiency, neurologic disease or atrial fibrillation * History of a systemic or deep tissue infection with methicillin-resistant staph aureus or Candida albicans * Use of a device that may pose electromagnetic compatibility issues and/or radiofrequency interference with the DexCom CGM (implantable cardioverter-defibrillator, electronic pacemaker, neurostimulator, intrathecal pump, and cochlear implants) * Anticoagulant therapy other than aspirin * Oral steroids * Medical condition requiring use of an acetaminophen-containing medication that cannot be withheld for the study admissions. * Psychiatric disorders that would interfere with study tasks (e.g. inpatient psychiatric treatment within 6 months prior to enrollment) * Mental incapacity, unwillingness or language barriers precluding adequate understanding or cooperation * Known current or recent alcohol or drug abuse * Medical conditions that would make operating a CGM, cell phone, or insulin pump difficult (e.g. blindness, severe arthritis, immobility) * Any skin condition that prevents sensor or pump placement on the abdomen or arm (e.g. bad sunburn, pre-existing dermatitis, intertrigo, psoriasis, extensive scarring, cellulitis) * Impaired hepatic function measured as alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase ≥three times the upper reference limit * Impaired renal function measured as creatinine \>1.2 times above the upper limit of normal * Uncontrolled microvascular (diabetic) complications (other than diabetic non-proliferative retinopathy), such as history of laser coagulation, proliferative diabetic retinopathy, known diabetic nephropathy (other than microalbuminuria with normal creatinine) or neuropathy requiring treatment * Active gastroparesis requiring current medical therapy * If on antihypertensive, thyroid, anti-depressant or lipid lowering medication, lack of stability on the medication for the past 2 months prior to enrollment in the study * Uncontrolled thyroid disease * Known bleeding diathesis or dyscrasia * Known allergy to medical adhesives, components of the insulin pump insertion set or continuous glucose monitor sensor * Unwillingness to withhold dietary supplements two weeks prior to admission and for the duration of the study participation. * Unwillingness to withhold pramlintide, liraglutide and exenatide for the duration of the study intervention. * Patient is actively enrolled in another clinical trial or was part of study within 30 days or whose annual study income is over 4 500€ * Persons deprived of freedom, adults protected by law or vulnerable persons
Bioavailability and Effect of Food on DSM265 Granules in Healthy Adult Subjects An Assessment of the Bioavailability and Effect of Food on DSM265 Granules in Healthy Adult Subjects This is a single-dose, fasting and non-fasting, open-label, randomized, three-regimen, parallel group study in 42 subjects This is a randomized, open label, single dose, parallel group study consisting of 3 groups of 14 subjects each. Subjects will be confined for 3 days followed by outpatient assessments until Day 21. Blood samples for assessment of DSM265 plasma concentrations will be collected for 480 hours after dosing. This study will compare the relative bioavailability of the oral DSM265 50% spray dried dispersion (SDD) granules with that of a reference 25% SDD powder for suspension formulation, and evaluate the effect of food on the DSM265 50% SDD granules Inclusion Criteria: * Female subjects of non-child bearing potential: * surgically sterile (by hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy and/or bilateral salpingectomy or bilateral tubal ligation) OR * postmenopausal (without use of hormonal contraceptive and spontaneous amenorrhea for 12 months and follicle stimulating hormone \> 40 IU/mL age appropriate for menopause and no other medical explanation for amenorrhea) * Males: * If he (including those who have had a vasectomy) is sexually active with female partner(s) of childbearing potential, he must agree, from Day 1 through 120 days after the dose of study drug to practice the continuous acceptable methods of contraception with his partner(s). * If he has a female partner who is postmenopausal or permanently sterile, the male subject must agree to use condoms from Day 1 through 120 days after the dose of study drug * Females must have negative pregnancy tests: * at Screening within 28 days prior to initial study drug administration, and * prior to dosing on Study Day -1 * Body Mass Index at least 18.0 and less than / equal to 29.9. Body weight must be \>50 kg * General good health, based on medical history, physical examination, vital signs, laboratory profile and Electrocardiogram * Voluntarily sign and date each informed consent, approved by an Institutional Review Board, prior to any screening or study procedures Exclusion Criteria: * Female who is pregnant, breastfeeding or is considering becoming pregnant during the study or for approximately 60 days after the dose of study drug * Male who is considering fathering a child or donating sperm during the study or for 120 days after the last dose of study drug * History of significant sensitivity to any drug * History of epilepsy, any clinically significant cardiac, respiratory, renal, hepatic, gastrointestinal, hematologic or psychiatric disease or disorder, or any uncontrolled medical illness * History of gastric surgery (except phyloromoyotomy for pyloric stenosis during infancy), vagotomy, bowel resection or any surgical procedure that might interfere with gastrointestinal motility, pH or absorption * Requirement for any over-the-counter or prescription medication, vitamins or herbal supplements, except contraceptives or hormone replacement therapy for females, on a regular basis * Use of any medication, vitamins / herbal supplements except contraceptives or hormone replacement therapy for females, within 2 weeks prior to study drug administration or within 5 half-lives, whichever is longer * Receipt of any drug by injection within 30 days or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer, prior to study drug administration, except parenteral hormonal contraceptives for females * Receipt of any investigational product within 6 weeks prior to study drug administration or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer * Recent (6-month) history of drug or alcohol abuse * Consumption of alcohol within 72 hours prior to study drug administration * Consumption of grapefruit or grapefruit products, Seville oranges, starfruit, or products containing any of these ingredients, and/or quinine/tonic water from 7 days prior to study drug administration * Use of tobacco or nicotine-containing products within 6 months before study drug administration * Positive for hepatitis A virus immunoglobulin M, hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis C virus antibody or HIV antibodies. Negative HIV status will be confirmed at Screening and results will be maintained confidentially * Positive screen for drugs of abuse, or alcohol or cotinine or positive and clinically significant urine adulterants test * Donation or loss of 550 mL or more blood volume (including plasmapheresis) or receipt of a transfusion of any blood product in 8 weeks prior to study drug administration * Current enrollment in another clinical study * Previous enrollment in this study * Consideration by the investigator, for any reason, that the subject is an unsuitable candidate to receive DSM265
A Study of Pegylated Interferon Alfa-2A in Combination With Lamivudine or Entecavir Compared With Untreated Control Group in Children With Hepatitis B Envelope Antigen (HBeAg)-Positive Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB) in the Immune-Tolerant Phase A Phase IIIb, Randomized, Open-Label Study of Pegylated Interferon Alfa-2A in Combination With Lamivudine or Entecavir Compared With Untreated Control Patients in Children With HBeAg Positive Chronic Hepatitis B in the Immune-Tolerant Phase This randomized, controlled, parallel group, open-label multicenter study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of a combination of pegylated interferon alfa-2A (Pegasys) plus lamivudine or entecavir compared with an untreated control group in participants with HBeAg positive CHB in the immune tolerant phase. NOTE: STUDY RECRUITMENT HAS BEEN TERMINATED Inclusion Criteria: * Positive for HBsAg and HBeAg for more than 6 months prior to baseline * Detectable HBV-DNA (\>20,000 IU/mL) as measured by polymerization chain reaction (PCR) or hybridization on at least 2 occasions at least one month apart with the latest determination obtained less than or equal to (\</=) 42 days prior to baseline * Compensated liver disease (Child-Pugh Class A clinical classification) * Either Liver biopsy performed within 2 years prior to baseline showing no or minimal fibrosis (Liver Biopsy Scores and stable normal ALT levels (less than or equal to upper limit of normal \[ULN\]) during the 6 months leading up to baseline (including two separate occasions at least 1 month apart over the 6 months prior to baseline). Screening ALT levels must be normal (\</= ULN) OR Stable normal ALT levels (\</= ULN), during the 1 year leading up to baseline (including three separate occasions at least 1 month apart over the 1 year prior to baseline) and no signs of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, or splenomegaly on liver abdominal ultrasound at screening. Screening ALT levels must be normal (\</= ULN) Exclusion Criteria: * Participants who have received investigational drugs or licensed treatments with anti HBV activity (Exception: Participants who have had a limited \[\</= 7-day\] course of acyclovir for herpetic lesions more than 1 month before the study baseline visit are not excluded) * Participants who have participated in any other clinical trial or who have received any investigational drug within 6 months prior to baseline * Known hypersensitivity to interferon (IFN), pegylated interferon-alfa-2a or lamivudine or entecavir * Positive test results at screening for hepatitis A virus Immunoglobulin M (IgM) antibody (Ab), anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) Ab, anti- hepatitis D (HDV) Ab or anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) Ab * Decompensated liver disease (e.g., Child-Pugh Class B or C clinical classification or clinical evidence such as ascites or varices) * Advanced fibrosis or cirrhosis * Suspicion of HCC on liver abdominal ultrasound (all patients to have liver abdominal ultrasound within 6 months prior to baseline) * History or other evidence of a medical condition associated with chronic liver disease other than CHB including metabolic liver diseases such as hemochromatosis, Wilson's disease or alpha-1 anti-trypsin deficiency * Active substance abuse within 6 months prior to screening * Sexually active females of childbearing potential and sexually active males who are not willing to utilize reliable contraception during treatment and for 90 days following the end of treatment * Females who are pregnant or who are breastfeeding (females of childbearing potential who have a positive urine or serum pregnancy test result within 24 hours of baseline are excluded)
Augmentation of Locomotor Adaptation Post-Stroke Augmentation of Locomotor Adaptation Post-Stroke This project will evaluate two different methods of normalizing the center of mass acceleration (COMa) in individuals post-stroke, specifically focusing on rates and pattern of recovery to analyze walking-specific adaptations as precursors to motor learning. In addition, the proposed project seeks to establish the optimal configuration of electrodes to activate neural circuits involved in post-stroke locomotion. Once the better method of training COMa and optimal parameters of electrode placement for tDCS are identified, the investigators will evaluate the effects of tDCS on locomotor adaptations during single sessions and over a five-day training period. The project seeks to establish the optimal configuration of electrodes to change the excitability of neural circuits involved in post-stroke locomotion, identify effective strategies for training a specific locomotor adaptation, and improve adaptations via adjunctive non-invasive brain stimulation. Tools to improve neural excitability may increase potential for locomotor skill learning, thereby improving rehabilitation outcomes. Non-invasive brain stimulation with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has recently emerged as a simple to administer, low-cost, and low-risk option for stimulating brain tissue. Cortical excitability is increased after application and preliminary results imply a relationship to increases in motor activity in those post-stroke. However, inhibition of the contralesional hemisphere is also shown to improve paretic motor output through inhibition of excessive maladaptive strategies, and combining the two electrode configurations may provide additional benefit for locomotor tasks requiring interlimb coordination. Furthermore, the effects of tDCS on walking function in conjunction with physical intervention strategies aimed at improving locomotor ability post-stroke are yet unstudied. Inclusion Criteria: Chronic Stroke 1. age 18-70 2. at least six month post-stroke 3. residual paresis in the lower extremity (Fugl-Meyer LE motor score \<34) 4. ability to sit unsupported for ≥ 30 sec 5. ability to walk at least 10 ft. 6. self-selected 10 meter gait speed \< 0.8 m/s 7. provision of informed consent. Exclusion Criteria: Acute Stroke 1. Unable to ambulate at least 150 feet prior to stroke, or experienced intermittent claudication while walking \< 200 meters 2. history of congestive heart failure, unstable cardiac arrhythmias, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, severe aortic stenosis, angina or dyspnea at rest or during activities of daily living 3. History of COPD or oxygen dependence 4. Preexisting neurological disorders, dementia or previous stroke 5. History of major head trauma 6. Legal blindness or severe visual impairment 7. history of significant psychiatric illness 8. Life expectancy \<1 yr 9. Severe arthritis or orthopedic problems that limit passive ROM 10. post-stroke depression (PHQ-9 ≥10) 11. History of DVT or pulmonary embolism within 6 months 12. Uncontrolled diabetes with recent weight loss, diabetic coma, or frequent insulin reactions 13. Severe hypertension with systolic \>200 mmHg and diastolic \>110 mmHg at rest 14. presence of cerebellar stroke.
Early Detection of COPD Patients in GOLD 0 (Smokers) Population Early Detection of COPD Patients in GOLD 0 (Smokers) Population Even though the main risk factor for the development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is smoking only in less than one third of the smokers the clinically manifest COPD will develop. The disease progressive nature with high disability and mortality especially in the final stages makes it plausible to detect the disease as early as possible thus allowing for the early intervention. Major intervention trials in COPD, "Towards a Revolution in COPD Health" (TORCH), "Investigating New Standards for Prophylaxis in Reducing Exacerbations" (INSPIRE), and "Understanding Potential Long-term Impacts on Function with Tiotropium" (UPLIFT) have recently shown that the beneficial impact of intervention was larger in patients being treated in earlier stages of the disease development. Till now the only tool for an early diagnosis and early intervention that could be used on the global scale was spirometry even though symptoms and deprivation of quality of life (QoL) precedes clinically relevant spirometric changes. So there is a need for a new simple tool that would allow detection of patients in a very early stage of COPD. So the aim of this study is the development of diagnostic tools for an early detection of COPD, even before the significant change in spirometry. Inclusion Criteria: * Smokers or ex-smokers * 40-65 years of age * at least 20 pack-years of smoking history Exclusion Criteria: * any clinically relevant chronic disorder with a significant influence on QoL * immuno-suppressive treatment * significant acute respiratory disorder during last 4 weeks * hospitalization during last 3 months * acute myocardial information, cerebro-vascular infarction or transient ishemic attack during last 6 months * asthma * unable to perform the study protocol (diagnostic workout)
Safety and Tolerability of VK2809 in Patients With Primary Hypercholesterolemia and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study to Assess The Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of VK2809 Administered for 12 Weeks Followed by a 4-Week Off-Drug Phase in Patients With Primary Hypercholesterolemia and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease This study will investigate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of VK2809 in lowering LDL-C and liver fat content in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and fatty liver disease. The primary efficacy endpoint is percent change from baseline LDL-C at the end of the treatment period (Week 12). Secondary endpoints include effects on liver fat content and other liver and lipid markers, as well as effects on safety and tolerability, and pharmacokinetic (PK) measurements. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Minimum of 10% liver fat as assessed by MRI - Proton Density Fat Fraction 2. Fasting serum LDL-C \>130 mg/dL at screening, \>110 mg/dL on lipid lowering medications 3. Any one of the following: 1. Triglycerides ≥150 mg/dL or receiving prescription medication for elevated triglycerides. 2. Systolic blood pressure \>130 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure ≥85 mmHg or receiving prescription medication for hypertension. 3. Waist circumference \>40 inches (men) or \>35 inches (women) 4. Body mass index (BMI) 18.50 - 40.00 kg/m2 inclusive at screening 5. Provide a personally-signed and dated informed consent document Exclusion Criteria: 1. Females of childbearing potential and males unwilling to use barrier birth control method (condom) throughout the study 2. Resting 12-lead ECG showing QTc \>450 msec, any tachyarrhythmia or morphology change, or any other clinically significant abnormality 3. Cardiovascular event requiring hospitalization in the past year 4. History or presence of thyroid disorder 5. History of malignancy in past 5 years 6. LDL-C ≥190 mg/dL or familial hypercholesterolemia 7. Significant hepatic or renal function test abnormalities
Study of IMC-1121B (Ramucirumab) With Best Supportive Care in Participants With Gastric Cancer and Adenocarcinoma A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blinded Study of IMC-1121B and Best Supportive Care (BSC) Versus Placebo and BSC in the Treatment of Metastatic Gastric or Gastroesophageal Junction Adenocarcinoma Following Disease Progression on First-Line Platinum- or Fluoropyrimidine-Containing Combination Therapy The purpose of this study is to gather information about the use of an investigational drug called Ramucirumab in adenocarcinomas of the stomach or gastroesophageal junction. Placebo-controlled, multicenter Phase 3 study of participants with metastatic gastric cancer \[including adenocarcinomas of the gastroesophageal junction (GEJ)\] and disease progression on standard first-line chemotherapeutic regimens. Participants will be randomized on a 2:1 basis to receive best supportive care plus ramucirumab administered every 2 weeks or best supportive care plus placebo administered every 2 weeks, respectively. Participants will undergo radiographic assessment of disease status every 6 weeks. Participant will be treated until there is evidence of progressive disease, toxicity requiring cessation, withdrawal of consent, or until other withdrawal criteria are met. Approximately 348 participants, with histologically- or cytologically-confirmed, metastatic gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma, and radiographically measurable disease as defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors or evaluable, nonmeasurable disease, will be randomized. Participants will be enrolled from approximately 250 study centers in North America, South America, Central America, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe. Inclusion Criteria: * Histologically or cytologically confirmed gastric carcinoma, including gastric adenocarcinoma or GEJ adenocarcinoma * Metastatic disease or locally recurrent, unresectable disease with measurable lymph node metastases * Measurable disease and/or evaluable disease. Measurable disease is defined as at least one unidimensionally-measurable target lesion \[≥ 2 centimeter (cm) with conventional techniques or ≥ 1 cm by spiral computed tomography (CT)\], as defined by Response using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST). Examples of evaluable, nonmeasurable disease include gastric, peritoneal, or mesenteric thickening in areas of known disease, or peritoneal nodules that are too small to be considered measurable by RECIST * Experienced disease progression during or within 4 months after the last dose of first-line therapy for metastatic disease, or during or within 6 months after the last dose of adjuvant therapy * Disease is not amenable to potentially curative resection * Participant is ≥ 18 years of age * Participant has a life expectancy of ≥ 12 weeks * Participant resolution to Grade ≤ 1 (or to Grade ≤ 2 in the case of neuropathy) by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE), Version 3.0, of all clinically significant toxic effects of prior chemotherapy, surgery, radiotherapy, or hormonal therapy (with the exception of alopecia) * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status (ECOG-PS) score of 0-1 * The participant has adequate hepatic function as defined by a total bilirubin ≤ 1.5 milligrams/deciliter (mg/dL) \[25.65 micromole/liter (µmol/L)\], and aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) ≤ 3.0 x the upper limit of normal (ULN) \[or 5.0 x the ULN in the setting of liver metastases\] * The participant has adequate renal function as defined by a serum creatinine ≤ 1.5 x the ULN, or creatinine clearance (measured via 24-hour urine collection) ≥ 40 milliliters/minute (mL/min) (that is, if serum creatinine is \> 1.5 x the ULN, a 24-hour urine collection to calculate creatinine clearance must be performed) * The participant's urinary protein is ≤ 1+ on dipstick or routine urinalysis (\[UA\]; if urine dipstick or routine analysis is ≥ 2+, a 24-hour urine collection for protein must demonstrate \< 1000 milligrams (mg) of protein in 24 hours to allow participation in the study) * The participant has adequate hematologic function, as evidenced by an absolute neutrophil count (ANC) ≥ 1000 microliters (µL), hemoglobin ≥ 9 grams/deciliter (g/dL) \[5.58 millimoles/liter (mmol/L)\], and platelets ≥ 100,000/µL * The participant must have adequate coagulation function as defined by International Normalized Ratio (INR) ≤ 1.5 and a partial thromboplastin time (PTT) ≤ 5 seconds above the ULN (unless receiving anticoagulation therapy). Participant on anticoagulation therapy with unresected primary tumors or local tumor recurrence following resection are not eligible * If the participant has received prior anthracycline therapy as part of his or her first-line regimen, the participant is able to engage in ordinary physical activity without significant fatigue or dyspnea * Because the teratogenicity of IMC-1121B is not known, the participant, if sexually active, must be postmenopausal, surgically sterile, or using effective contraception (hormonal or barrier methods) * Female participant of childbearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test within 7 days prior to randomization * Able to provide informed written consent and is amenable to compliance with protocol schedules and testing Exclusion Criteria: * Documented and/or symptomatic brain or leptomeningeal metastases * Experienced any Grade 3-4 gastrointestinal bleeding within 3 months prior to randomization * Experienced any arterial thromboembolic events, including but not limited to myocardial infarction, transient ischemic attack, cerebrovascular accident, or unstable angina, within 6 months prior to randomization * Ongoing or active infection, symptomatic congestive heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, symptomatic or poorly controlled cardiac arrhythmia, uncontrolled thrombotic or hemorrhagic disorder, or any other serious uncontrolled medical disorders in the opinion of the investigator * Ongoing or active psychiatric illness or social situation that would limit compliance with study requirements * Uncontrolled or poorly-controlled hypertension despite standard medical management * Participant has a serious or nonhealing wound, ulcer, or bone fracture * Received chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, or targeted therapy for gastric cancer within 2 weeks prior to randomization * Received any investigational therapy within 30 days prior to randomization * Undergone major surgery within 28 days prior to randomization, or subcutaneous venous access device placement within 7 days prior to randomization * Received prior therapy with an agent that directly inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) or VEGF receptor 2 (R-2) activity (including bevacizumab), or any antiangiogenic agent * Receiving chronic antiplatelet therapy, including aspirin, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs, including ibuprofen, naproxen, and others), dipyridamole or clopidogrel, or similar agents. Once-daily aspirin use \[maximum dose 325 milligram/day (mg/day)\] is permitted * Participant has elective or planned major surgery to be performed during the course of the clinical trial * Participant has a known allergy to any of the treatment components * Pregnant or lactating * Known to be positive for infection with the human immunodeficiency virus * Known alcohol or drug dependency * Participant has a concurrent active malignancy other than adequately-treated nonmelanomatous skin cancer, other noninvasive carcinoma, or in situ neoplasm. A participant with previous history of malignancy is eligible, provided that he/she has been free of disease for \> 3 years
Brimonidine vs ALTP in Progressing Human Glaucoma Topical Brimonidine vs Argon Laser Trabeculoplasty in Progressing Human Glaucoma. A Prospective Randomized Clinical Trial. This study is evaluating possible non-intraocular pressure (IOP) related effects of the alpha-1 agonist brimonidine in human subjects affected by a progressive glaucomatous optic neuropathy. Brimonidine was proven as neuroprotective in several pre-clinical animal studies. Patients with open angle glaucoma and a history of relative stability of the visual field are followed for 18 months. A visual field is measured every 3 months for a total number of n = 6 eligible fields at the end of this phase. Then, those eyes showing progression of the field (i.e. deterioration of th eexisting glaucoma), are randomized to receive either 0.2% brimonidine tartrate eyedrops b.i.d. or 360° argon laser trabeculoplasty in one session. Either treatment will be put "on top" of the pre-existing anti-glaucoma therapy. Then, a further 18-month phase is planned, with a sequnece of field taken at the same pace as the previous phase. Progression is detected (and measured) acording to a trend-analysis (i.e. regression vs time of single points and of clusters of adjacent points). Inclusion Criteria: * Glaucomatous visual field defect on achromatic perimetry (24/2 Humphrey full threshold,abnormal GHT and CPSD, p\<0.01) considered clinically "unstable" * IOP \< 20 mmHg on repeated readings with no more than 2 medications, * Open angle on gonioscopy, * Glaucomatous optic neuropathy (HRTII, Moorfields regression analysis), * Clear lens (LOCS2 score \< C1, N0, P0) * Best corrected visual acuity better than 0.2 LogMAR (ETDRS chart), * No previous bulbar surgery * Manifest refraction within - 5 and + 2 diopters * No comorbidity (AMD and diabetic retinopathy.and negative history for neurological diseases) Exclusion Criteria: * Closed angle * Previous bulbar surgery * Unstable IOP * Unreliable visual fields on historic data
Irreversible Electroporation(IRE) For Unresectable Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms Irreversible Electroporation(IRE) For Unresectable Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms: Phase I and Phase II Clinical Trial The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of irreversible electroporation (IRE) for unresectable Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms. By enrolling patients with unresectable Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms adapted to enrolled criteria, this study will document for the first time the safety and the short and long term efficacy of percutaneous IRE for unresectable Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms. Inclusion Criteria: * Renal Pelvic and Ureteral Neoplasms diagnosed by positive biopsy or non-invasive criteria, * Not suitable for surgical resection, * Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) score of 0-1, * A prothrombin time ratio \> 50%, * Platelet count \> 80x10\^9/L, * Ability of patient to stop anticoagulant and anti-platelet therapy for seven days prior to and seven days post NanoKnife procedure, * Able to comprehend and willing to sign the written informed consent form (ICF), * Have a life expectancy of at least 3 months. Exclusion Criteria: * Cardiac insufficiency, ongoing coronary artery disease or arrhythmia, * Any active implanted device (eg Pacemaker), * Women who are pregnant or women of child-bearing potential who are not using an acceptable method of contraception, * Have received treatment with an investigational agent/ procedure within 30 days prior to treatment with the NanoKnife™ LEDC System, * Are in the opinion of the Investigator unable to comply with the visit schedule and protocol evaluations.
Study Comparing Prevenar® to Pneumo 23 in Reducing Carriage in Children Long-Term Efficacy of Pneumococcal Conjugate 7-Valent Vaccine Versus Plain Polisaccharide Pneumococcus Vacine in Reducing Pneumococcal Nasopharyngeal Carriage of Children. To compare the ability of Prevnar® to Pneumo® 23 in reducing and preventing nasopharyngeal carriage of vaccine-type pneumococci one year after respective immunization. To evaluate the rate of penicillin-resistant pneumococci in nasopharyngeal carriage. This study will require 6 months to be completed (3 months for nasopharyngeal samples collection; 3 months dor analysis). Each child will participate for a 1 day period. Inclusion Criteria: * Healthy children between * 2 to 9 years old. * No history of antibiotic use prior 1 month of enrollment * No history of invasive pneumococcal disease
iCBT and ABM for Reducing Depressive Symptoms in Firefighters Combining Internet-Delivered Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and Attention Bias Modification for Depression in Firefighters The study aimed to examine the impact of a combined internet-delivered Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (iCBT) and Attention Bias Modification (ABM) intervention to reduce depressive symptoms in firefighters. The study was a randomized controlled trial carried out in Kunming, China, and involved the recruitment of 138 active firefighters as participants. The intervention lasted for an 8-week duration, during which participants participated in ABM exercises on alternating days and concurrently underwent four modules of iCBT courses delivered through a smartphone application. Inclusion Criteria: * being an active firefighter and aged between 18 and 50 * having a score greater than zero on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) * with no history of severe depression Exclusion Criteria: * having suicidal ideation or intent * having an active psychotic disorder other than depression * prior participation in a cognitive-behavioral intervention * concurrent participation in another study.
Patient-Clinician Communication Skill Training: A Mobile Education Initiative Patient-Clinician Communication Skill Training: A Mobile Education Initiative This study is a pilot test of The Art of Medicine Series, a smartphone-based educational tool to improve clinician-patient communication. Investigators will enroll clinicians (residents, fellows, attending physicians) and family caregivers (most often parents) from the Children's Wisconsin neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Participants will then receive a series of links to short, animated videos sent to their phone by text message. Each video teaches best-practice communication techniques such as how patients can prompt teach back and how clinicians can avoid biased phrasing in delivering news. Over the 4-week intervention (the length of resident's rotation), clinicians will receive 15 videos and patients will receive 8 videos. Communication skills of clinicians and patients will be assessed pre and post intervention using validated measures and participants' engagement with the videos will be tracked with software in the website. Inclusion Criteria: Inclusion criteria - clinician: * A resident, fellow, or attending physician * On Team A rotation in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of Children's Wisconsin. Inclusion criteria - patient: * A parent, grandparent, or other identified caregiver of a child on Team A of the NICU at Children's Wisconsin * Expected to stay in the NICU for a further 3 weeks * Have not previously participated in the study * Are 18 years of age or older * Able to speak and understand English. Exclusion Criteria: -
Effect of Dietary Amino Acid Profile on Lipoprotein Metabolism, Vascular Reactivity and Inflammatory Markers Effect of Dietary Amino Acid Profile on Lipoprotein Metabolism, Vascular Reactivity and Inflammatory Markers The aim of this study is to explore the significance of the Lys:Arg ratio on responses of lipids and lipoprotein concentrations to dietary proteins and to evaluate the effects of dietary Lys:Arg on cardiovascular disease risk factors and endothelial function. Findings from early studies in a variety of experimental models of atherosclerosis on the effect of dietary protein suggested that proteins from vegetable sources are less cholesterolemic and atherogenic than proteins from animal sources. Throughout the later part of the 20th century there has been sporadic interest in the effect of protein type and amino acid profiles on blood lipid concentrations and atherosclerosis. A major focus for this evaluation has been to compare proteins based on their amino acid profile, often expressed as lysine (Lys) to arginine (Arg) ratio (Lys:Arg). While animal studies have provided important information regarding the significance of the Lys:Arg in determining the cholesterolemic response to a dietary protein, interpretation of these data must be done with caution since most of the studies have been conducted in animal models that have a different lipoprotein distribution and metabolism than humans. Moreover, the mechanistic insights of this response are yet to be determined. While the favorable effects of Arg on endothelial function appear to be consistent when Arg is administered using a supplement, the effects of dietary Arg naturally present in protein rich foods has yet to be determined. The aim of this proposal is to explore the significance of the Lys:Arg ratio on responses of lipids and lipoprotein concentrations to dietary proteins and to evaluate the effects of dietary Lys:Arg on cardiovascular disease risk factors and endothelial function. Inclusion Criteria: * Age: 50-85 years * LDL-C concentrations \>120 mg/dL Exclusion Criteria: * Use of medications known to affect lipid metabolism * Established cardiovascular disease * Renal disease * Liver disease * Thyroid disease unless controlled with medication for at least 6 months * Type I and II diabetes * Irritable bowel syndrome * Chronic use of prescription anti-inflammatory medications * Smoking * Alcohol intake \>7 alcoholic drinks per week * Unwillingness to maintain body weight during participation in the study * triglyceride (TG) \> 400 mg/dL * Unwillingness to adhere to diet and study protocol * Weight gain or loss of more than 15 lb within 6 months prior to enrollment
Percutaneous Dynamic Stabilization (PDS) System Versus Fusion for Treating Degenerative Disc Disease A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Effectiveness of the PDS System to Treat Back Pain Associated With Degenerative Disc Disease The objective of this study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the PDS System compared to the surgical control of posterolateral fusion with autograft and pedicle screw fixation for the treatment of one or two levels from L3-S1 to relieve back pain associated with degenerative disc disease. Inclusion Criteria: 1. Confirmation of DDD (back pain with degeneration of the disc by patient history, physical exam, and radiographic studies and with one or more of the following factors: * Osteophyte formation of facet joints or vertebral endplates * Facet joint degeneration (no more than mild to moderate) * Subjects with ≤50% collapse of disc as compared to the adjacent level * Subjects with or without a contained herniated nucleus pulposus \<5 mm and no free fragment 2. Skeletally mature subjects aged between 18 and 70 years of age inclusive. 3. Subjects with primarily back pain associated with degenerative disc disease of the lumbar spine at one level or two adjacent levels from L3 through S1. Subjects may have a lesser degree of leg pain at the same level(s). 4. Subjects who require surgical or minimally invasive intervention, who have failed to adequately improve following 6 months of non-operative therapy. 5. Subject is a surgical candidate for a posterior approach to the lumbar spine and is suitable for fusion using pedicle screw systems 6. Subjects with a minimum baseline Oswestry Score of 40% (20/50). 7. Subjects with a minimum baseline VAS Score of 40/100 mm. 8. MRI diagnostic for DDD within 3 months of the screening visit. 9. Subjects who are mentally, physically and psychosocially able to cooperate with the study procedures and return for all required follow-up visits. 10. Subjects who are able to understand this study and have given voluntary, written informed consent to participate in this study. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Subjects who have leg pain greater than back pain. 2. Subjects with severe facet degeneration, radiographic findings of severe facet joint disease, degeneration or misshapen facet(s) or structural anomalies at the target level(s) that would preclude placement of the PDS device or pedicle screw systems. 3. Subjects who require a pedicle screw smaller than 4.5 mm. 4. Subjects with Modic 3 bone changes at the target level(s). 5. Spondylolisthesis \> Grade 1 and/or spondylolysis at the target level(s). 6. Subjects with myelopathy or cauda equina syndrome, defined as neural compression causing neurogenic bowel (rectal incontinence) or bladder dysfunction (retention or incontinence). 7. Subjects with fixed motor deficit and/or peripheral neuropathy. 8. Subjects with prior discectomy at the target level(s). 9. Subjects with prior spine surgery, trauma, metastatic disease, or spinal deformity due to scoliosis (Cobb angle \> 15 degrees) or kyphosis (\> 11 degrees) at any lumbar level. 10. Subjects who have used any investigational drug or device within the past 30 days or have had an experimental spinal implant at any time. 11. Subjects with active local or systemic infection. 12. Subjects with osteoporosis. A screening questionnaire for osteoporosis, SCORE (Simple Calculated Osteoporosis Risk Estimation), will be used to screen subjects. If DEXA is required, exclusion will be defined as a DEXA bone density measured T scored \< -1.0. 13. Subjects with metabolic bone disease (e.g. osteomalacia, Paget's disease). 14. Subjects with rheumatoid arthritis or other autoimmune spondyloarthropathies. 15. Subjects with a systemic disease that compromises life expectancy (e.g. HIV, AIDS, hepatitis) or are on immuno-suppressive agents. 16. Subjects who are taking any drug known to potentially interfere with bony/soft tissue healing, (e.g., steroids at any dose daily within the last 12 months). 17. Subjects with active malignancy: A subject with a history of any invasive malignancy (except non-melanoma skin cancer), unless s/he has been treated with curative intent and there have been no clinical signs or symptoms of malignancy for at least 5 years. 18. Subjects with a known allergy to titanium and/or polycarbonate urethane (PCU). 19. Subjects who have existing conditions or pending litigation claims that could compromise their participation, follow-up care, or treatment outcomes (e.g., drug or alcohol abuse). 20. Subjects with a BMI of ≥ 40 kg/m2 or weight \> 275 pounds (125 kg). 21. Subjects who are pregnant or are planning a pregnancy during the study period. 22. Subjects who are prisoners.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Methotrexate Induced Hepatotoxicity in Children With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Methotrexate Induced Hepatotoxicity in Children With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Study the role of oxidative stress in methotrexate induced hepatic damage, and the possible protective effect of OMEGA-3 fatty acids against methotrexate hepatotoxicity using clinical and biochemical parameters. The patients were divided into two groups :Group I: control group, included pediatric patients with standard risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia in maintenance phase day 0 and receiving oral Methotrexate (20 mg / m2) weekly without any supplementation . Group II: study group, included standard risk ALL pediatric patients who were supplemented with oral omega-3 capsule (one capsule / day) . Omega-3 was supplied as soft gelatin capsules in a dose of 1000 mg of omega-3 fatty acids/day . This is in addition to chemotherapy from day one of maintenance phase receiving oral Methotrexate (20 mg / m2) Weight -adjusted doses on days 8, 15, 22, 29,36,43,50,57,64,71and 78). Both groups were followed up for six months . All patients were under free diet and were maintained on standard diet throughout the study ( 6 months). None of them were on regular vitamin supplementation before diagnosis or at time of chemotherapy administration. Patients follow up: The patients were followed up every three week for the whole study period for assessing the effect and compliance to both MTX and Omega-3 fatty acid and for monitoring any potential adverse effect. Group I were asked on each visit about signs of hepatic toxicity ( fatigue , weakness , loss of appetite , vague abdominal pain , color of urine and sclera and jaundice ), their laboratory results were revised to know level of ALT as a marker of liver injury . Group II were asked on each visit about signs of hepatotoxicity , their laboratory data were revised , any side effects resulted from use Omega-3 fatty acids: (increased bleeding tendency, fishy smell , nausea , diarrhea , or if there is any relapses occurred , and to be sure that the patients were compliant to prescribed medication. Investigations: Blood samples were collected from every patient at day 0 of maintenance and after six months for estimation of Malondialdehyde (MDA), Total antioxidant capacity (TAC), super oxide dismutase ,liver function tests and uric acids . Blood was collected into heparinised tubes which were protected from light and processed immediately after sampling. At the time of collecting the blood samples, patients were free of any potentially confounding or interfering conditions, such as infections or fever. Inclusion Criteria: * Child age: less than 17 years old. * Taking oral methotrexate in maintenance therapy. * Patients are at cycle one day zero. Exclusion Criteria: * Child infected by hepatitis B or C viruses. * Child taking medications or having a condition causing elevation in liver enzymes level other than methotrexate.(eg:thrombosis ,antibiotic therapy, infiltrating malignancy ,auto immune manifestations or having TPN) * Child remission. * Child death * Child drop out due to non compliance
The Effect of Dream Doctors in Children Undergoing Digestive Endoscopic Procedures The Effect of Dream Doctors in Children Undergoing Digestive Endoscopic Procedures: Physiological and Biological Assessment of Emotional and Cognitive Consequences Background: Performance of endoscopy in children requires more patience, experience, and expertise than in adults. The anxiety of the children is related to parent's separation, loss of self-control, unknown surroundings and strange people that are taking care of them, and frequently unpleasant or even painful procedures. Painful and frightening procedures in children have been shown to result in short-term physiologic changes and long-term behavioral changes. The response to unpleasant stimuli with stress and fear may be exaggerated in children and experienced as pain. Most infants and children and many teenagers need deep sedation or light general anesthesia to complete a successful and safe procedure. Induction of general anesthesia is a stressful procedure itself. Strategies to reduce preanesthesia anxiety include pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic interventions. However, this evidence is based mainly on self reports rather than objective measurements. Therefore, objective and non-invasive measurements to be utilized in the current study, should provide an assessment tools regardless the children's age. Multiple studies, beginning in the 1970's, have shown that humor has many positive effects on physical and mental health and well-being. Previous investigations have reported that humor has beneficial effects on the immune system, stress related to potentially fatal illnesses, pain tolerance, and mental functions. Dream doctors (DDs) are professional medical clowns or stage artists, who received training specifically to understand medical patient's need and to give the patient adjuvant therapy during hospital admissions or ambulatory treatment.The Israel dream doctors project, integrates professional medical clowning into the medical services provided at Israeli hospitals.Studies already proved that presence of medical clowns significantly reduces the level of anxiety during induction of anesthesia in children. Hypothesis of the study: 1) DDs lessen the level of anxiety and attention impairment in children undergoing gastroscopies. 2) DDs improve the satisfaction of children and their parents during gastroscopies. The aim of this study is: 1) To explore the influence of DDs on the satisfaction of children and their parents undergoing gastroscopy, utilizing questioners. 2) To explore the effects of DDs on anxiety and attention of children and their parents, undergoing gastroscopies by means of GSR, startle response and pre-pulse inhibition (PPI) tests, as well as , and measuring anxiety-related biologic indices. The effect of Dream Doctors in children undergoing digestive endoscopic procedures: Physiological and biological assessment of emotional and cognitive consequences. Background: Since the advent of pediatric gastrointestinal endoscopy in the early 1970's, there has been a remarkable increase in the number of diagnostic and therapeutic procedures performed in infants and children. Performance of endoscopy in children requires more patience, experience, and expertise than in adults. The anxiety of the children is related to parent's separation, loss of self-control, unknown surroundings and strange people that are taking care of them, and frequently unpleasant or even painful procedures. Painful and frightening procedures in children have been shown to result in short-term physiologic changes and long-term behavioral changes. The response to unpleasant stimuli with stress and fear may be exaggerated in children and experienced as pain. Most infants and children and many teenagers need deep sedation or light general anesthesia to complete a successful and safe procedure. Induction of general anesthesia is a stressful procedure itself. Strategies to reduce preanesthesia anxiety include pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic interventions. However, this evidence is based mainly on self reports rather than objective measurements. Therefore, objective and non-invasive measurements to be utilized in the current study, should provide an assessment tools regardless the children's age. Multiple studies, beginning in the 1970's, have shown that humor has many positive effects on physical and mental health and well-being. Previous investigations have reported that humor has beneficial effects on the immune system, stress related to potentially fatal illnesses, pain tolerance, and mental functions. Dream doctors are professional medical clowns or stage artists, who received training specifically to understand medical patient's need and to give the patient adjuvant therapy during hospital admissions or ambulatory treatment. Laughter has physiological effects on different body mechanisms and it affects the cardiovascular system (decreasing heart rate and blood pressure), strengthens the immune system, and lowers level of stress hormones like Norepinephrine. Humor can also help in strengthening the bond between therapist and patient and reduce stress and anxiety and enhance recovery. The Israel dream doctors project, integrates professional medical clowning into the medical services provided at Israeli hospitals. The DDs are part of the multidisciplinary staff, principally but not only, in pediatric wards. Studies already proved that presence of medical clowns significantly reduces the level of anxiety during induction of anesthesia in children. In the pediatric ward in Afula Medical Center, the investigators have experience with DDs for preparing children to kidney scans. Pre-Puls Inhibition PPI A computerized human startle response monitoring system (SR-HLAB STARTLE REFLEX, San Diego Instruments, San Diego, CA) was used to deliver acoustic startle stimuli via headphones and record and score the corresponding electro myographic activity from the orbicularis oculi muscle. Two disposable electrodes (sensor area 12 mm2) were placed approximately 0.75-1cm below the pupil on the orbicularis oculi muscle and 3rd reference electrode on the mastoid bone. The skin area at the electrode site was cleaned with a cotton swab saturated with rubbing alcohol, then prepared by gently rubbing a small amount of EEG \& ECG Skin Prepping Gel (Signa Gel- Parker Laboratories Inc., Fairfield, New jersey, USA), and cleaned again with a cotton swab. The session (a total of 56 trials) is started with 3 min acclimatization period with a 60 dB background noise level that is delivered continuously throughout the test session. The session is comprised from two blocks. block1: comprised from randomly delivered six trials of single 40 msec 120 dB "pulse alone" startle stimuli in order to evaluate the startle response, ten "pre" stimuli (at 74, 78, 82, 86 or 92 dB), and thirty "pre pulse" trials that consisted of a single 120 dB pulse preceded (120 msec inter-stimulus-interval) by a 20 msec pre pulse of 14, 18, 22, 26 or 32 dB above background (i.e., 74, 78, 82, 86 or 92 dB). Block1 trials were delivered on average 20 sec inter-trial-interval ITI (15-25 sec, total 46 trials). Block2: comprised of the last ten trials of "pulse alone" startle, at fixed 2 sec ITI in order to evaluate a measure of habituation in response to repeated delivery of the startling stimuli. Finally, prepulse inhibition (PPI) was calculated as the percent of the habituated response as follows \[100-(max response to "pre pulse" trial / max response to "pulse alone" trial X 100)\] GSR - Galvanic Skin Response Electrodermal activity will be measured by the differences of the skin conductivity. Two 5 mm electrodes will be placed on fingers 2 and 4 of the non-dominant hand. The electrodes will be connected to sensor and amplifying receiver with a 10Hz sampling rate. Different portions of the skin can show differences in conductivity, due to sweat related to stress. Thus, measuring the skin conductivity of the non-dominant hand was shown to reduce this variability. Hypothesis of the study: 1) DDs lessen the level of anxiety and attention impairment in children undergoing gastroscopies. 2) DDs improve the satisfaction of children and their parents during gastroscopies. The aim of this study is: 1) To explore the influence of DDs on the satisfaction of children and their parents undergoing gastroscopy, utilizing questioners. 2) To explore the effects of DDs on anxiety and attention of children and their parents, undergoing gastroscopies by means of GSR, startle response and pre-pulse inhibition (PPI) tests and measuring anxiety-related biologic indices. Patients and Methods: This randomized, controlled study will be conducted with children undergoing deep sedation during pediatric upper gastrointestinal endoscopies in the Gastroenterology institute of the Emek Medical Center,Afula, Israel. One hundred children (age 1-18 years) scheduled to undergo deep sedation and elective gastroscopy will be enrolled. During enrollment, the potential clown involvement will be explained to parents. Patients will be assigned to one of two groups: Group 1:children and their parents with the presence of DD upon arrival to the Gastroenterology institute and throughout the induction of sedation, gastroscopy and recovery. Group 2: children and their parents undergoing gastroscopy with deep sedation without the presence of a DD. The randomization process: In Afula Medical Center, the investigators perform gastroscopies weekly. During the study period the investigators will perform the gastroscopies one week with the DD and one week without the DD.The patients will not be aware to that fact that in some weeks the DD is participating during the sedation induction in some of the patients (every other week). The DD will use various methods for entertaining the child and alleviate stress according to the child's age. The parents and the children will be given anxiety questioners to fill before the induction of sedation. At the end of the gastroscopy the parents and the children will be given satisfaction questioners. The children will perform Pre-Pulse inhibition (PPI) test and GSR before and after the gastroscopy to assess physiological and biological emotional and cognitive consequences. The parents will perform PPI test and GSR before, during and after the gastroscopy (no caffeine or nicotine consumption will be allowed 30min before examination). The anesthesiologist and the nurse at the recovery room will fill a questioner evaluating the behavior of the child during the induction of sedation and awakening. While inserting an IV line blood spots will be taken for stress hormones: cortisol, epinephrine, and norepinephrine. The following physical indices will be measured: blood pressure, pulse, saturation and body temperature. The amount of drugs given for deep sedation will be evaluated. The current study hold two major innovativeness: (a) The effects of DD as part of the medical team in gastroscopy in children. (b) The physiological and biological evaluation of the emotional and cognitive consequences in children and their parents during gastroscopy. Statistical analysis: The study design is Mixed design (2X3), with DD as between subject factor (with or without DD) and stage of treatment as within subject factor (prior, during and after gastroscopy examination).Thus, we will conduct a Two-Way ANOVA (2X3) with post hoc Tukey's test. Significant interactions will be further analyzed with One-Way ANOVA. Moreover to relate physiological and biological measurement to questioner items, Pearson's correlations will be calculated. The study schedule: 1. Recruitment: 1.5 year 2. Study period: for each patient the study will be held during the day of gastroscopy. 3. Examination of blood serum by ELISA: 3 months. 3. Analysis of results: three months 4. Targeted date as to completion of project: two years from the study beginning. Project staff: 1. Dr Peleg Sarit - Board certified in Pediatrics and Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition. 2. Dr Rinawi Firas - Board certified in Pediatrics and Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition. 3. Dr Efrat Rachel - Board certified in Anesthesiology and Pediatrics. 4. Professor Avital Avi - Behavioral Neuroscience Lab, Head. 5. Mrs Lazimi Ilanit - Pediatric and Pediatric Gastroenterology nurse. 6. Mr Yaron (Sancho) Goshen - Experienced DD. 7. Mrs Yaara Tirosh Kamienchick - Research coordinator. Institutional overview: Dr Peleg Sarit, Pediatric Gastroenterology Unit, Emek Medical Center, Shderot Itzhak Rabin 21 Afula, 18101, Israel Phone: +972-4-6494104 Fax: +972-4-6495532 Email: Peleg_sa@clalit.org.il Ethics: The study will be conducted according to the ethical principles of the Declaration of Helsinki. Informed consent will be obtained following explicit description of the study outline and alternatives for participation. It will be made clear that declining to participate in the study will not jeopardize, in any way, the quality of care received. The signed consent will be filed in the patient's medical record. The principal investigators will have full access to the data prior to publication. CRFs will be identified and coded by study number and initials only. Inclusion Criteria: * Children aged 1-18 years undergoing gastroscopy. * Informed consent of the parents Exclusion Criteria: * Developmental delay or neurologic disease * Children who underwent endoscopy in the past * Parents that don't agree to participate in the study * ASA≥3 * Children or parents hearing problem.
A Study of the Natural History of Leukocyte Chemotactic Factor 2 Amyloidosis (ALECT2) Disease A Study of the Natural History of Leukocyte Chemotactic Factor 2 Amyloidosis (ALECT2) Disease The purpose of this study is to characterize the natural history of leukocyte chemotactic factor 2 amyloidotic (ALECT2) disease. In this observational study participants with ALECT2 disease will be enrolled. Participants, who have already reached end-stage renal disease (ESRD), will provide retrospective chart review data and biological specimens at baseline only. Other participants, in addition to retrospective chart review, will be followed prospectively. Refer to www.studyALECT2.com Inclusion Criteria: * Males and females, age 18 years or older; * Renal biopsy-proven diagnosis of ALECT2; * For patients with kidney disease that could be due to ALECT2, a renal biopsy may be obtained to confirm ALECT2 diagnosis. Exclusion Criteria: - There are no exclusion criteria for this observational study.
Anti-TGF-beta Therapy in Patients With Myelofibrosis Phase I Study of GC1008 in Patients With Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), Post-polycythemia Vera/Essential Thrombocythemia Related Myelofibrosis (Post-PV/ET MF) TGF-β is a cytokine that is found to be upregulated in the bone marrow of patients with myelofibrosis. This cytokine likely plays a dual role in promoting myelofibrosis and myeloproliferation, both of which are the bone marrow morphologic hallmark of MF. The investigators propose that inhibiting the TGF-β signaling pathway in MF will decrease the fibrogenic stimuli leading to myelofibrosis and concomitantly interrupt myeloproliferation. This is a novel approach to the treatment of patients with myelofibrosis. Inclusion Criteria: * Age \>18 * ECOG 0-2 * Intermediate-1 or higher by IWG-MRT Post PV/ET MF patients OR intermediate-1 or higher JAK2V617F negative PMF * Bone marrow MF-2 or higher as assessed by the European consensus grading score AND grade 3 or higher by modified Bauermeister scale. * Patients must be able to give written informed consent to participate. Patients may not be consented by a durable power of attorney. * Male and female patients of child-producing potential must agree to use effective contraception while enrolled on study and receiving the investigational agent, and for at least 3 months after the last treatment. * At the time of enrollment, patients must be \>4 weeks since major surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy (except hydroxyurea) immunotherapy, or biotherapy/targeted therapies and recovered from the toxicity of prior treatment to \< Grade 1, exclusive of alopecia. Concurrent cancer therapy is not permitted for the exception of hydroxyurea if already being used at a stable dose for 3 weeks prior to screening. * Patients must have negative tests for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and for hepatitis viruses B and C (antibody and/or antigen) unless the result is consistent with prior vaccination or prior infection with full recovery. * Marrow: Absolute neutrophil count ≥ 500/mm3, and platelet count ≥50,000/mm3 without the need for platelet transfusion within 4 weeks * Hepatic: Serum total bilirubin \>1.5 X upper limit of normal (ULN) (Patients with Gilbert's Disease may be included if their total bilirubin is \>3.0 mg/dL); alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) \>2.5 X ULN. * Renal: Serum creatinine of \< 1.5 x upper limit of normal (ULN) or, if higher, estimated or measured creatinine clearance \>45 mL/min. * Coagulation: 1. Prothrombin Time (PT) \< 1.5 X ULN 2. Partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) \< 1.5 X ULN Exclusion Criteria: * Central nervous system (CNS) cancer or metastases, meningeal carcinomatosis, malignant seizures, or a disease that either causes or threatens neurologic compromise (e.g., unstable vertebral metastases). * Pregnant or nursing women, due to the unknown effects of GC1008 on the developing fetus or newborn infant. * Patients with known bleeding diathesis or signs of uncontrolled active bleeding (hematuria, GI bleeding) other than self-limited causes of benign etiology that have been adequately investigated at the discretion of the investigator. * Patients requiring anticoagulation with aspirin \> 81mg daily, unfractionated heparin, low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), direct anti-thrombin inhibitors, or vitamin K antagonists (e.g. warfarin). This does not apply to patients actively receiving aspirin at a dose of ≤ 81mg a day. * Patients diagnosed with another malignancy - unless following curative intent therapy, the patient has been disease free for at least 5 years and the probability of recurrence of the prior malignancy is \>5%. Patients with curatively treated early stage squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, basal cell carcinoma of the skin, or cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) are eligible for this study. * Patients with an organ transplant, including those that have received an allogeneic bone marrow transplant. * Use of investigational agents within 4 weeks prior to study enrollment (within 6 weeks if the treatment was with a long-acting agent such as a monoclonal antibody). * Significant or uncontrolled medical illness, such as congestive heart failure (CHF), myocardial infarction, symptomatic coronary artery disease, significant ventricular arrhythmias within the last 6 months, or significant pulmonary dysfunction. Patients with a remote history of asthma or active mild asthma may participate. * Active autoimmune disorders or concurrent immunosuppressive medications such as prednisone, interferon, cyclosporine, methotrexate or azathioprine. * Active infection requiring antibiotics. * A known allergy to any component of GC1008. * Patients who, in the opinion of the Investigator, have significant medical or psychosocial problems that warrant exclusion. Examples of significant problems include, but are not limited to: 1. Other serious non-malignancy-associated medical conditions that may be expected to limit life expectancy or significantly increase the risk of SAEs. 2. Any condition, psychiatric, substance abuse, or otherwise, that, in the opinion of the Investigator, would preclude informed consent, consistent follow-up, or compliance with any aspect of the study
Insulin Action During Pregnancy in Woman at High Risk for Gestational Diabetes Clinically Useful Methods for Assessment of Insulin Sensitivity and Beta Cell Function in Women at High Risk for Gestational Diabetes: Does Race Matter? The project objective is to validate a new indirect estimate of insulin status in both pregnant African-American women and Caucasian women in southern Louisiana who are at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus. There are racial differences in carbohydrate metabolism that are potentially linked to complications during pregnancy and to increased risks of obesity and diabetes in later life. The investigators will explore the use of indexes of insulin status to identify the metabolic risk profile of pregnant women which may vary by race. Understanding whether there are differences which vary by race may influence clinical screening and treatment of pregnant women. The major goal of our proposed study is to validate a new approach to estimating insulin sensitivity and ß-cell function in African-American women compared to non-Hispanic white women in southern Louisiana who are at a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We will determine whether the whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) and insulinogenic index (IGI) \[derived from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)\] can be used during 24-28 weeks of pregnancy to accurately estimate the degree of insulin resistance relative to ß-cell function in women with GDM in those with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) as well as those who are glucose tolerant. Fasting values will also be assessed using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR and HOMA-%B) to evaluate insulin resistance and ß-cell function. We will explore the potential use of these measures to define the metabolic risk profile of these pregnant women and compare them with obstetric outcomes. We will determine if there are differences in risk that vary by race. Second, given the high likelihood that women who manifest GDM will develop type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), identification of these patients by ethnic group or other independent determinants will permit intervention after delivery that might delay or prevent the onset of type 2 DM. Inclusion Criteria: * 18-42 years of age * at 20-30 weeks of gestation * Caucasian or African-American and non-users of medications known to influence carbohydrate metabolism. Exclusion Criteria: * \<18 years or \>42 years of age * non-Caucasian or non-African-American ethnicity * use of drugs that could interfere with glucose or insulin metabolism; or health problems such as diabetes mellitus or liver, heart, lung and kidney diseases
Comparison of 2 Techniques of Invasive Mini Surgery: Coelioscopy Mini-trocar and Monotrocar in the Adnexa no Carcinologic Surgery : Forward-looking Observational Study. Comparison of 2 Techniques of Invasive Mini Surgery: Coelioscopy Mini-trocar and Monotrocar in the Adnexa no Carcinologic Surgery : Forward-looking Observational Study. The advantages of the celioscopy mini--trocar and monotrocar technical are recognized. There is however no forward-looking or retrospective study comparing the microcomputed-celioscopy (use of microphone) - trocar of 3mm of diameter in access celioscopic pluri--trocar) in the celioscopy monotrocar ( a single intra-umbilical section) in gynecological surgery. The objective of this preliminary study is to compare both surgical care in terms of morbidity died operating, in adnexa surgeries. Inclusion Criteria : * Age \> 18 ans * OMS = 2 * Patient having an operating indication of adnexa surgery : unilateral or bilateral adnexectomy Exclusion Criteria: * Contraindication to coelioscopy intervention
